But it is Coast Pidgin with which I am most familiar.
The words of this familiar hymn have echoed through churches all across the globe for over 200years.
So any time we saw people walking down the street that look didn't look familiar, `cause we had a pretty close knit community, so we had people walking around the neighborhood or whatever, you know what I'm saying, that looked funny, everybody would be scared.
The familiar and less familiar company names — such as Taylor, Osborne, and Ramos Pinto — appear painted in white and neon signs on the roofs.
There were three Bests for Full Sail ESB , which most of the tasters later said they weren't familiar with, and 2.5 for Redhook IPA , which all the tasters knew.
The latest from avant-garde British director Peter Greenaway ( The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover ) elicits a familiar critique: It's judged a visual knockout but pretentious as hell.
This should sound familiar.
They meant to set up a standard maxim for a free society, which should be familiar to all, and revered by all, constantly looked to, constantly labored for, and even though never perfectly attained, constantly approximated, and thereby constantly spreading and deepening its influence.
no in fact i'm not even familiar with it i don't think
(I'm sure you're familiar with Leo Steinberg's book on the subject.)
A few convenient sound-changes brought us to our familiar phrase fuck you.
are you familiar at all with the voucher system
i'm familiar with Plano i visited once or twice
Like others who are familiar with how the county's legal system does and doesn't work for victims of domestic violence, Casey believes some changes are in order.
and you have to you know be familiar with the like there're so many different software packages
According to one industry insider familiar with the case, who did not want to be named, ‘it depended if he remembered to say it, and whether he was asked’.
Jews are now successful people who want to move the levers of the system (levers whose location we're quite familiar with) so as to ensure that our children will be as successful as we are.
no i'm pretty familiar with with Dunleavy because he was an assistant at Milwaukee
According to the OED , a wellerism is “a form of comparison in which a familiar saying or proverb is identified, often punningly, with what was said by someone in a specified but humorously inapposite situation.”
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language . One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
well i think what i see is a different direction i don't know if you are you familiar with uh programs like Harvard Graphics where they have uh
Isaac Asimov, in his futuristic Foundation Trilogy novels, imagined a thickly settled universe where the familiar "24-hour day" is an accepted convention, presumably based on the rotation of humanity's planet of origin--but where no one remembers any longer what the original planet was.
The sheer profusion of these two exhibitions, with their welcome mix of the familiar and the little-known, should prompt a much-needed reassessment of Corot's subtle art.
Walcott's faith, as expressed in The Bounty , is finally a painter's faith, that the poet's job is "to write of the light's bounty on familiar things."
uh somewhere down in the Duncanville and Cedar Hill area are you familiar that
Pans go to the routine, which lacks the requisite "free-associative lunatic spirit" (Jan Stuart, the Chicago Sun-Times ). The Washington Post 's Tom Shales calls Seinfeld "stiff" and the material "painfully familiar."
um-hum and i'm not real familiar with uh anything that i in fact the far as i know the school doesn't have any kind of programs or anything out here and uh or the grocery story or anything in this area yeah
oh i was gonna say well my husband's from New Jersey and we lived there for five years when we first got married and so it sound kind of nice so was familiar your accent
and um he's in the Herman Method of Reading i don't know if you're familiar with that it is something new and basically what they do is they start right from the beginning relearning the sounds of letters
Brokaw repeats most of the other familiar clichés: World War II veterans know the value of a dollar, they never boast, and they're reluctant to talk about their wartime experiences.
She phonetically wrote down the familiar chant NAM YOHO REN GAY KYO and said that by chanting it every day I'd manifest my wishes in the fourth dimension.
TNR 's cover story wonders why the media ignored the Clinton scandals during the campaign, and reaches familiar conclusions: White House pressure silenced criticism; journalists are liberal; press coverage is driven by candidates; and so on.
(Indeed, even the occasional market manipulation by big speculators wouldn't be possible if it weren't for the possibility of generating a panic among other investors; it is a familiar point in the academic literature that Hong Kong-type speculative plays can work only if the economy is vulnerable to self-fulfilling crisis in the first place.)
no mine doesn't either but with specific yeah but with specific cases people but you know the names aren't familiar anymore and
oh well then you are familiar with it
i was gonna ask next how she was familiar with where everyone was
Sound familiar?
in that aspect uh as far as like now the new health bill that went through Minnesota uh being that it is their neighboring state and that i lived in Minnesota and more familiar with the politics that involved with that and that being passed
actually i didn't either um uh i really wasn't familiar with that and um i didn't even realize i had put that as you know this must be something
well um yeah possibly um i'm not familiar with the laws in Texas but we've got a citywide recycling program here in Seattle that's um
i'm familiar with you know some Cajun food Italian Portuguese food
The column was so amazingly familiar I had to check the byline to see if I'd sleep-written it.
Still, in McCarthy's Mexican dialogue he shuttles between familiar and formal verb forms with an abandon that I find a bit excessive.
It is just as familiar and soporific as Sensenbrenner's presentation.
But anyone even vaguely familiar with the way the FCC works knows that it's drowning in "due process."
And Thomas concludes that Sacks succeeds for all the familiar Sacks reasons: Because he shows "how patients who are truly isolated and insulated by a disease can retain their humanity, their dignity."
Those who are not familiar with this type of dictionary--that is, one that provides learners with grammatical, collocational, and idiomatic information far beyond what might be expected in an ordinary monolingual dictionary-- should familiarize themselves with the well-known precedent, the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary of Contemporary English , by A.S. Hornby, long a classic in the field.
As in the case of most of Partridge's books, the exception being Catch Phrases, which I didn't think much of, this dictionary [ CDS ] makes good browsing fodder and resembles the earlier books in style sufficiently to satisfy those familiar with the format.
This road-cum-boxing movie starring Woody Harrelson and Antonio Banderas is both trite and strange: On one hand it "knocks the Rocky tradition on its ear by giving us two boxers to root for in the same match" (Joe Morgenstern, the Wall Street Journal ), but despite this departure from convention, it manages to include "an assembly of ancient and familiar prizefight clichés" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). Director Ron Shelton ( Bull Durham ) is a veteran of successful sports movies, but this one lacks the "off-the-wall larkiness" of his previous efforts (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ). The film culminates in a gruesome fight between the two stars that leaves several critics bemoaning the confusion over whom to root for; others contend that the scene's emotional conflict works in its favor.
It sounded like they were not familiar with the airport."
