LSC grantees seek to increase visibility in the client community in several situations - for example, when launching new services (for example, a toll-free phone hotline), trying to reach special-needs populations (the elderly, homeless people, families reaching the end of their eligibility period for welfare, people in non-English speaking communities) or expanding services into hard-to-serve communities (for example, to small towns far from legal aid offices).
At nearby Barbour’s General Store, an authentic 19th-century grocery, try the local specialty of dulse, an edible seaweed that is New Brunswick’s answer to chewing gum.
Philae has one of the most evocative sound and light shows in Egypt, so do try and make time to return in the evening to see it .
Chicanos also often use the term, as they do agringado, to describe an overly acculturated Chicano, one who is trying to be “white.”
I mean if somebody threatens them or tries to harm them at all, they're immediately consumed in, uh, in uh burst of fire.
well try it or or maybe just exercise at home i bought a tape and i'm going to try doing that
Try the pavilion at sunrise and the mosque at sunset.
You can take a taxi or try a camel ride, very appropriate given the terrain.
What about those of us who consume culture on the fly--who go to the movies only when dragged to the megaplex by the kids, who buy books at airport bookstores, who need to know whether the Broadway show whose high-priced tickets our parents are trying to pawn off on us is a gaudy spectacle from hell or Great Art?
Of course, you're in the ditch trying to explain what happened but, uh-
I don't know if my dad's, if I've ever, if my dad's told me that I don't recall exactly what it was and then, my, so my, my grandfather was living in New York I believe in an immigrant community in New York and the Canadian Army was recruiting from among immigrants because I believe at the time the Canadians did not, uh, did not draft, did not draft during WWI, and try need, but they needed to help the British fighting in Europe and so the they decided that a good place to recruit would be among the immigrant communities in NY, particularly among people who had immigrated from the British Isles.
A customer for Levi’s custom jeans is asked to try on the style that comes closest to the fit she wants.
you know and they'll regroup out in the mountains and they'll try it again in a couple of years
well uh lately since i have children i've cut down on having dinner parties but when i do i try to keep it pretty simple on things that i can prepare ahead of time
no no i haven't uh i hadn't tried in fact we were we were planting flowers this weekend so uh i was pretty tied up
Now try to translate the statement into a set of statements about ordinary human actions, “A group of twelve people were seated behind a wooden enclosure for several days.
For fabrics, also try Western Market, Morrison Street, in Central.
Prices are as marked; do not try to bargain.
oh that's right Coach yes that's another one that i try not to miss although it use to be better i don't know it seems well
Steinem and others in her camp, such as Backlash author Susan Faludi, argue there is no inconsistency between their support of Clinton and condemnations of Packwood and Thomas: Unlike Clinton, they argue, Packwood and Thomas interpreted "no" as "yes" and repeated their unwelcome advances (although most of Packwood's alleged passes were single tries).
On the other hand, I try not to be a linguistic slob, either.
i think when you push you know maybe i think when that was first trying come about with you know what we know as the women's lib movement i think it was too extreme um
What you are is you're always trying to smooth things over.
Yufu — an extinct volcano covered by dense bamboo forest — Yufuin is famous for its hot-spring baths, most of which you can try for just a few hundred yen.
For information about lessons and/or group excursions, try Armathwaite Hall, Equestrian Centre, Coalbeck Farm, Bassenthwaite, Keswick; Tel. (017687) 76949 (open year-round), or Park Foot Trekking Centre, Pooley Bridge, Ullswater; Tel. (017684) 86696 (open March–October).
Let me try, however, to make four points:
But it, too, draws careful distinctions between "bad" terrorists, represented by a rogue IRA agent who tries to murder Day-Lewis, and "good" terrorists, represented by the IRA leadership, which tries to protect him.
So, she kept trying and got pregnant with me, and carried me to full term and so, since she was, and my dad were both much older, I was a terribly spoiled brat.
But I'll try.
Except for longer excursions, try to leave the car in the hotel parking lot and walk or take the bus.
Creationists, recognizing this equation, try to force precisely this choice.
so i haven't tried to do a lot myself
The wax works of Madame Tussauds will have all the latest stars of music and films, so they can try and guess who the figures are before reading the exhibit details.
Try as hard as they might, inventors of artificial languages have been unable to disbuse themselves of the ineluctable attraction of their own, native language or language family.
Step 8. Repeat Steps 5 to 7 until all k > 1 of interest have been tried.
He's got his arm and uh he's trying to put it on his body and it didn't fit and it's too short and it didn't look like his arm so he throws it aside and goes on.
groups were enough were publicized enough they could just know what they could know what their options were for other groups to try
And uh, I don't know who thought of it I don't know if it was me or Jeff or Craig but uh, we uh, we had some cigarettes on us and we were smoking trying to be the big rebels you know and we had a lighter.
They had to come earlier in the morning and had to stay later in the afternoon, and most of them were poor, because if you tried to farm in the sand hills of NC, it was pretty hard to make a living.
Um, and then if it was anything that was, you know, that I kind of correlated with, if it wasn't coming from a book, they were probably trying to get something into my head.
Try to visit early or late in the day to avoid the tour groups, or on Mondays, when most tours don’t operate; and remember to wear comfortable, flat shoes as there are many slippery stones worn smooth over the centuries, and numerous uneven areas where heels can catch.
The presence of multiresistant P. aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii strains in our ICU prompted us to try treatment with colistin as a last resort in patients with serious infections with such strains.
The ad side of all newspapers is constantly trying to get the ed side to say nice things about those advertising.
and since the slips all look alike uh you commingle them and then you get the statement and you try to sort them out and it and it uh
The CIA also tried to improve its intelligence reporting on Bin Ladin by what Tenet's assistant director for collection, the indefatigable Charles Allen, called an "allout, all-agency, seven-days-a-week" effort.
Try the following agenda: early start at a Paris street market to buy a picnic; morning tour of the palace; stroll through the palace gardens to lunch beside the Grand Canal; siesta and tea in the gardens of the Petit Trianon; finally, wander back across the palace gardens for a last sunset view of the great château.
(The secret: Knees together, and don't try to stride.)
It is taken as given in the dictionary business in the U.S. that if a dictionary bears the name “Webster” it magically attracts sales far beyond those of a dictionary that tries to rely for its success on quality alone.
i know like listen to us we're like trying to volunteer
"Because," she said, "I'm trying," uh, "I have the title to his car and I'm trying to give it to him."
