In 1992 “Supreme Leader” Deng Xiaoping set into motion a rapid Westernization of China’s economy.
Rapid response will become more rapid than ever, with several volleys being fired in the course of what used to be a campaign day.
The textile industry, in particular, has been characterized by rapid technological changes and automation; shifts to large-scale establishments; restructuring and consolidation of enterprises in spinning, weaving, and knitting; substantial capital investments in these activities and finishing operations; and a shift to products with expanding markets.
As always in a world of lean retailing and rapid replenishment, the need for faster production is what drives these capital-intensive technical innovations.
It does not seem totally implausible that cells persistently abide in both the quantum and classical realms, in which the persistently propagating superposition of amplitudes for alternative molecular motions decohere on very rapid timescales and thereby help choose the now classical microstates of proteins and their motions as those proteins couple their coordinated dance with one another to carry out the alternative behaviors that guide a cell in its next set of actions, its adjacent possible.
But if the person or firm making the innovation and introducing it to the global or village markets faced a product life cycle that was so very rapid that neither they nor others in the economy could absorb the innovations and make livings, the firms in question would go broke.
Because of the high cost of full life-cycle fish toxicity tests and the emerging consensus that the ELS test data usually would be adequate for estimating chronically safe concentrations, there was a rapid shift by aquatic toxicologists to 30 - 90-day ELS toxicity tests for estimating chronically safe concentrations in the late 1970s.
Capitol police distributed epinephrine syringes throughout the building to protect members of Congress and their staffs against peanut allergy symptoms such as throat constriction and rapid loss of blood pressure.
In this brand-new digital economy we're supposedly inhabiting, competitive advantage can be eroded in an instant, and large companies with lots of fixed assets are doomed to being overrun by quick-moving startups who can adapt better to a world of rapid technological innovation.
Sepsis is associated with a rapid release of CXC chemokines by alveolar macrophages, as well as up regulation of lung vascular intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) expression [ 26 ] and these may contribute to the initial increase in adherent vascular neutrophils in the lung.
It certainly was last October, with a recession looming, but the rapid communications system in place today alerted the people who could do something about it, unlike the recession of '90-'91.
The incoming companies have rapid growth in revenue and in cash flow, and extraordinarily high returns on invested capital.
Hours before, Netanyahu had given a speech insisting that Israel would not halt the rapid construction of a controversial housing project in East Jerusalem or make further concessions to halt terrorism.
In a second phase, we used polymerase chain reaction and 5' and 3' rapid amplification of cDNA ends (RACE) experiments to obtain experimental proof for our cDNA predictions and to determine murine TMC sequence that was only ambiguously predicted.
The Web's rapid acceptance owes much to the ease with which Web pages can be created.
A prolonged re-examination of these slides who were positive by the rapid test, but apparently had negative slides, did not reveal the presence of P. falciparum asexual parasites.
An important corollary of these surprising findings is a rapid divergence of the MJ1477 family from CysRS, such that all the catalytic and otherwise functionally important residues characteristic of this enzyme, and also present in other class I aaRSs, have changed.
Spatiotemporal patterns of BMP-5 expression at the mRNA level, as assessed by RT-PCR, and the protein level, as determined by immunocytochemistry correspond to periods of initial dendritic growth and rapid expansion of the dendritic arbor.
The above factors may prevent rapid detection of changes in intramucosal P CO 2 . Therefore, several other sites have been used for tonometry.
There is most likely a large protein complex assembled at the SRE composed of regulated transcription factors, coactivators, and the basal transcriptional machinery, resulting in rapid transcription of the c-fos gene in response to mitogenic stimulation.
It is generally defined as a rapid decline (within hours to weeks) in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and retention of nitrogenous waste products.
2 ml into the bladder the distal, cut end of the pelvic nerve was stimulated with a long train (5 Hz; 1 msec pulse width; 60 sec train; 30-300 (uamps) to elicit a prolonged contraction displaying two phases: Phase I, a rapid contraction and Phase II, a plateau phase [ 20 21 ] . Phase I is resistant to atropine, and therefore is mostly due to non-adrenergic, non-cholinergic activation, whereas Phase II is highly sensitive to muscarinic blockade [ 21 ] . Olanzapine (n = 4) and risperidone (n = 4) were administered (0.
The rapid and irreversible effects of IFN-γ on osteoclast inhibition indicate a dominant effect of this cytokine over RANKL via induction of monocyte differentiation toward the activated macrophage fate, as opposed to the osteoclast fate, when concomitantly administered.
In a situation like ours where laboratory facilities are poor or non-existent, rapid test is the best option to support malaria diagnosis for case management in malaria control programme.
Ppt1p levels are highest during periods of rapid growth and drop off when growth slows (Fig.
Thus, the more rapid onset of growth arrest in npa1 and npa2 mutants suggested that the ts phenotype was not caused exclusively by a decrease in NPC number and nucleo-cytoplasmic transport capacity [ 23 35 ] and may be due to other cellular effects.
The terms currently used to define the endpoints employed in the rapid, chronic and sub-chronic toxicity tests have been derived from the terms previously used for full life-cycle tests.
Access to automated DNA sequencing technology has made possible the rapid generation and analysis of gene transcripts expressed in organisms via expressed sequence tags (ESTs) [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5].
The lack of mature HsN3 in Smad1 immunoprecipitates does not reflect the inability of Smad1 to bind prosequence-less HsN3, but is likely due to either the trapping/degradation of Smad1 inside of the proteasome, or the rapid dissociation of Smad1 from HsN3.
With the exception of high concentration of ionophore A23187, rapid stimulation of HUVEC with various agonists did not result in a release of annexin V-binding microparticles
Rapid regulation of an RP transcript by NGF
Using time-lapse videomicroscopy, we have shown that MTX-induced release of LDH from vascular endothelial cells is associated with massive bleb dilation and rapid staining of the nucleus with vital dyes [ 3 ] .
This enabled rapid visualization of large-scale discrepancies, such as collapses or inversions, between the WGS and the phrap assemblies.
The assay was terminated by rapid filtration through Whatman GF/B filters using a FilterMate cell harvester (Packard Instruments) followed by three washes, 4 ml each, with ice cold buffer.
Strikingly, upon treatment with 4-HT, WT Btk:ER induced a rapid calcium mobilization that was at a low level but sustained (Fig 2C).
Cigarette smoke condensate treatment induces rapid activation of the NFκB pathway
The generation of expressed sequence tags (ESTs) by single-pass random sequencing of cDNA libraries is a powerful tool for rapid gene transcript identification in metazoans [ 14 15 16 17 ] including parasitic nematodes of humans and animals [ 18 19 20 21 22 23 ] . High-throughput projects on two dozen nematode species have now brought the total number of publicly available roundworm ESTs to nearly 400,000, with half the sequences coming from parasites [ 24 25 26 27 ] . As a part of these efforts, EST sequencing from plant parasitic nematodes is in progress [ 28 ] and pilot EST datasets from the root-knot nematode M. incognita and the cyst nematodes Globodera rostochiensis and G. pallida second-stage larvae have recently been analyzed [ 29 30 ] .
Finally, due to the rapid decay of gene expression following maximal activation, this system can be easily titrated for the duration of the induction necessary by using slow release formulations such as ALZET mini pumps [ 18 ] . The postgenomic era has accentuated the need to develop methods to determine in vivo gene function in cancer and this ecdysone system may be a useful approach to address this.
Microbes induce the rapid secretion of antimicrobial peptides from the cells of the fat body into the larval or adult body cavity (systemic response; Figure 1).
For rapid screening, DNAs from the clones had been pooled into 48 superpools, each representing eight 384-well plates that were pooled into eight plate pools, 16 row pools, and 24 column pools.
The reaction of wild-type L1 with nitrocefin under steady-state conditions at 10°C resulted in a rapid decrease in fluorescence followed by a rate-limiting return of fluorescence (Figure 3A).
Immunological memory allows the body to make a greater and more rapid second response when the body is reinfected by the same pathogen.
The advent of rapid tests for diagnosing HIV infection represents one part of the solution.
The data in this report are consistent with a scenario in which intracellular Golgi/ER localization of sα i2 reflects its rapid degradation rather than specific targeting to a subcellular organelle.
Furthermore our observations suggest that in vivo, brain microglia as well as the mediators released by this cell type in brain tissue, would appear to play a limited role in the rapid and potent domoic acid neurotoxicity observed in neonatal rats after a short-term administration of domoic acid.
Due to the limited insight on the transcriptional regulation of this critical developmental process, the objective of the present investigation was to utilize suppression subtractive-hybridization (SSH) to characterize and analyze differentially expressed genes during rapid trophoblastic elongation in the pig.
This supports the notion that DADA will also facilitate a rapid full length cloning effort after identification of interesting genes.
[ 26 ] Furthermore, the rapid inhibition of plasmin requires a non-covalent interaction between an amino-terminal site of plasmin and a carboxyl-terminal on anti-plasmin, and a second site outside the RCL of PAI-1 contributes to its specific interaction with proteases.
The name dengue fever is derived from the Swahiliwords Ki denga pepo (“it is a sudden overtaking by an evil spirit”), which gives an idea of the rapid onset of the disease.
We have previously reported that some of the late induction of RIIβ by cAMP depends on the rapid cAMP-mediated increase in C/EBPβ expression [ 17 ] . To test the effect of different USF isoforms on C/EBPβ-mediated induction of the RIIβ promoter, we transfected combinations of the transcription factors (Fig.
