The plan had now been modified so that the tribals would keep Bin Ladin in a hiding place for up to a month before turning him over to the United States-thereby increasing the chances of keeping the U.S. hand out of sight."
The least innovative apparel suppliers are seeing their chances for survival dwindle every year.
A great exhibition was a chance to dazzle with what it could make and build, beginning with the glass and iron Crystal Palace itself, a marvel of early Victorian engineering.
05 probability level, one in 20 tests would be expected to fall outside of the control limits by chance alone.
on appeal then another appeal then another appeal ends up costing the taxpayers more than just putting the guy away for the rest of his life with no chance of parole
and uh so about any important phone call that i have i'm going to get it at work and if the phone call comes to the house chances are it's either for my wife or one of the girls
well if you ever get a chance to go to Alaska boy uh the the
If your desire is to escape the coastal heat, highland retreats will refresh and invigorate, offering a chance to enjoy what was once the exclusive domain of colonial administrators.
That in the process she had learned what makes the locals tick--as well as a language known to few, if any, CIA officials--was of no account: Her chances of being hired would have been much better if she had remained celibate in Salt Lake City.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow water work, giving you the chance to try out the basic techniques before you decide to do the full open water course.
Morris' real focus, as he lets you know before you have a chance to ask, is the Higher Realms.
On the positive side, most say the acting is great, and though the film "doesn't take enormous chances," it is nevertheless "extremely satisfying" (Denby, The New Yorker ).  Slate 's Edelstein is more positive than most, praising the "deliciously resonant dual setting: a Catskills summer community to which middle-class Jews from the city migrate to swim and eat and play mah-jongg, and the gathering hippies at nearby Woodstock."
Suppose you want to know just how unpleasant it is to face a 1 percent chance of a $100,000 loss.
Such effects have been observed in the analysis of courtship song as a consequence of the sampling rate; fluctuating values from one point to the next suggest periodicity in the range of the Nyquist frequency; for the song records in question and analysis of the pulse-rate fluctuations, 20-s periods, against a background of 10-s sampling intervals [ 21 ] . It is possible to assess quantitatively how likely a given peak in an autocorrelation can be the result of chance alone.
One question: why does the NYT say she showed that the healers detected a human hand they couldn't see at a rate "no better than chance" would have predicted, when her results show they scored only 44 percent, which is 6 percent worse?
here's what you should do this is off the topic and these people probably won't did you go to Baylor by any chance
If you've installed Internet Explorer 4.0, click here for more about (and a chance to download) the channel.
Tumor stage is the most significant prognostic parameter for 5-year survival, but even patients with non-small cell lung cancer (non-SCLC) in pathologic stage IA disease (a tumor of less than 3 cm diameter located in one lobe of the lung and more than 2 cm from the carina without visceral pleural involvement, atelectasis, or pneumonitis, and absence of metastatic spread to regional lymph nodes) have a 33% chance of recurrence within 5 years after complete surgical resection (lobectomy with mediastinal lymph node dissection) [ 2].
The Gibbs sampling procedure revealed the presence of seven conserved motifs, with a probability of chance occurrence less than 10 -14, in the search space comprising of the 70 or so proteins that were identified in the above searches as having this domain.
i spent about ten years in Abilene for TI i i worked out there in Abilene in west Texas and i never did get a chance to get over to Lake Texoma i i wished i had uh
Handicappers put the left's chances at even money or better.
When Gore got his next chance to speak-in response to a different question-he turned back to the cost issue.
on whether at what point do they become so detrimental to society that society can't afford to keep them around to keep giving them chances
A 50% decrease in p53 monomers can easily be imagined to result in a greater than 50% decrease in functional tetramers, which in turn increases the chances of these cells becoming cancerous.
A multi-year, rigorous study to be released today finds that women enrolled in one of the nation's best-funded programs for disadvantaged teenaged mothers still failed to improve their chances of becoming self-sufficient.
By the way, USAT says a survey it took among 49 top economists rates the chances of a U.S. recession next year as one in four.
Man, they should have killed off Livia when they had the chance, and that way they wouldn't have to saddle us with her dreary daughter.
then uh and the importance of it because okay if you don't vote for your friend over here well your friend's not going to have a chance
so well there's a good chance if they if they ask you about it you know i would i wouldn't just come out and say i think the guys guilty
The NASA discovery suggests that life is probably a pretty ordinary phenomenon that occurs anyplace you give it half a chance.
The most important parameter for purposes of interpretation is the enrichment (or depletion) of a category with respect to flagged genes (relative to what would have been expected by chance alone).
From the field, the CIA's Gary Schroen advised:"Hit him tonight-we may not get another chance."
This fall, Goldhagen's supporters and detractors will have another chance to duke it out when he comes up for tenure in the Harvard government department.
kind of most of them are reruns and you know stuff like that that's why i kind of stick to the movies if they're good uh that one sounds good though that was on last night i didn't get a chance to i didn't get home till ten so yeah
To reduce the chances of a similar incident, the awareness manager concurrently (1) coordinated the development of a policy describing organizational data classification standards and (2) developed a brochure and guidelines to publicize the new standards and educate employees on their implementation.
By contrast, the significance of BMI in the model for diabetes showed that, irrespective of height, being over-weight increased the chances of diabetes.
oh uh-huh well i would imagine at a certain point too you were probably able to care for each other in in like pseudo parent roles so that you had a chance to
Analysts agree that 1) Helms' opposition guaranteed that Weld had almost no chance of getting the job to begin with; 2) Weld's caustic remarks about Helms in the last couple of weeks have further doomed his chances; and 3) Weld's resignation won't help him.
If you open on Saturday, though, then your per-screen average will look better, your two-day performance has a good chance of being impressive, and you can't get dragged down by the inevitably weak Friday.
Progress on these research fronts will improve our chances of understanding and controlling infections caused by M. paratuberculosis and related pathogens.
The editorial argues that Clinton has forfeited the second chance America gave him in 1992.
oh jeez it is supposed to be eighteen degrees tonight i was thinking about you all the way home from our class just got home from our computer class hey i mean what are the chances of this happening
uh the biggest gripe in TI is the benefits package but as i go looking at other companies as i've i've had a chance to do uh it's really not all that bad
For example, even if gene expression measurements follow a perfect normal distribution, the chance that a measurement falls beyond one standard deviation from the mean on either side is as large as 32%.
Optimally, the drug will cut the length of a flu bout by 40 percent, and significantly reduce the chances of escalation into a severe case.
The argument for hitting al Shifa was that it would lessen the chance of Bin Ladin's having nerve gas for a later attack.
There always seems to be plenty of it, along with the chance to study the faces of his characters, even when there's not a great deal going on in them.
but there's always a chance that you forget and have to justify it later
(By that, Schroen explained, he meant that the chance of capturing or killing Bin Ladin was about 40 percent.)
yeah my last right right my last chance to win ten million dollars so i figured hey look for twelve dollars you know
