Hard-drinking locals down poncha (sugar-cane brandy, lemon juice, and honey) in shadowy bars, while grizzled old fishermen play cards or repair their boats, awaiting their next trip.
The last movie starring slain rapper Tupac Shakur ( Juice , Poetic Justice ) is deemed an authentic portrayal of junkie life.
throw the lids and everything out but uh put all the glass in one place and plastics like milk jugs uh orange juice jugs things like that
Subjects were given a 2-month supply of dehydrated barley grass juice powder (Barleygreen) and a blend of laxative herbs and psyllium seed (Herbal Fiberblend) (AIM International, Nampa, ID), with instruction to ask for more when this supply was finished.
USAT 's off-lead, reefered by the NYT and carried inside everywhere else, is California juice maker Odwalla's agreement to pay the biggest criminal fine ever in a food injury case--$1.
The company's 1996 shipment of unpasteurized apple juice led to an E. coli outbreak that killed a 16-month-old girl and sickened at least 66 other people.
um when you say lemon pepper marinade you put lemon juice and pepper together
It’s so dry and (except for winter) hot in the oasis that tourists are advised to drink as much tea or juice as possible to forestall dehydration.
ORGASM SLOE SCREW ¾ ounces vodka 1 ½ ounces sloe gine ¾ ounce coffee liqueur Orange juice to fill ¾ ounce amaretto Glass: highball, with ice Fill with milk; shake.
if if you ever get a chance to buy one of those i think it was uh twenty dollars for uh i don't remember how many pounds it was but you cook it in the bag that they send it in and all the juices and everything are all sealed in and i tell you what if
I say semi-processed because wine is not the mass-produced, machine-made, processed food that orange juice is, so the winemaker cannot interfere as much with the process.
well yeah but it it's like it's just chicken it it's as much as you want you know torn up and and rice and cream of chicken soup and some mayonnaise and lemon juice
um no there's there's only one pop machine and it's not accessible to the cafeteria now so uh mainly what they serve in there is juice and coffee and tea
because certainly they're not using it for juices and stuff i mean they use the junk for that it makes me wonder gosh if they're using junk for that what are we getting here
CQ asked detailed information on consumption of each type of citrus fruit and juice.
here we call it pop i guess on the east coast you'd call it soda and uh juices and
Glass: rocks glass, with Glass: Collins, with ice ice PURPLE JESUS (This drink became pop- ½ ounce vodka ular after a series of data- Graps juice to fill strophic mudslides hit Glass: highball, with ice the california coast.)
The mutagenicity-reducing activity per weight of peels of citrus fruits was considerably higher than that of their juices [ 16 ] . The two main compositional differences between peel and juice components are that the peel contains a higher concentration of ascorbic acid than the juice, and that the peel also contains higher concentrations of active components (d-limonene, hesperidin, naringin, and auraptene) than do the juice and pulp.
Instructions were given on what foods to eat (fresh fruits, salads, raw vegetables, carrot juice, nuts, seeds, whole grain products, tubers, flax seed oil, extra virgin olive oil) what foods to avoid (alcohol, caffeine, foods containing refined sugar, corn syrup, refined and/or hydrogenated oil, refined flour, dairy, eggs, and all meat) and how to prepare freshly extracted carrot juice with the supplied Champion juicer (Plastaket Mfg.
but nevertheless it's it's so much it's so hard to get back to it and it's it's so much easier while you've got your academic juices flowing
"If I remember, this was the last issue of Brill's Content . I got as far as Page 7 before I nodded off and toppled a glassful of prune juice on the rug."
i had i had a dog one time and uh he chased after a after a skunk and got sprayed so we had to uh we had to give him a tomato tomato juice bath
it's like uh eight ounces of cream cheese softened and you mix it with one tablespoon onion juice and one tablespoon lemon juice one tablespoon Worcester sauce
In addition, the questionnaire asked how the juice was stored, i.e. types of containers, and whether citrus juices and citrus peel were added during food preparation and/or food serving [ 28 ] . TQ asked about usual tea intake over the past year, as well as a lifetime consumption pattern and how the past year intake differed from the lifetime pattern (amount or type or preparation techniques).
because you can you can put it on top of the stove and do this and and there's so much broth and juice in there that it has to uh soak up into the rice all day long in order for it to uh uh to come out fluffy and and nice
a deposit on it and even like the you know a very fine juice jar does not have to have a deposit on it but if it's got soda in it it does so it's a strange
what are we yeah yeah hat's in the juice this is what i would put in juice
Following Noble's instructions, I put a little cheap white wine into 15 glasses and then spiked each one with a different physical standard: peach puree, apricot puree, brine of asparagus, strawberry jam, wet cardboard, fresh strawberry, pineapple juice, soy sauce, green olive, melted butter, coffee grinds, fresh lime juice, cloves, vanilla, and shaved almonds.
well that's that's a really good idea because um like our uh fruit fruit juices for some reason when they're in a can don't come with a deposit it
HAWAIIAN PUNCH Splash of grenadine 1 ounce sloe gin Fill with half orange ¾ ounce Southern juice, half Comfort pineapple juice.
Given that the government restricts health claims even for innocuous foods such as orange juice and eggs, it's reasonable to decide that booze merchants are the wrong people to entrust with public education about drinking.
yeah we we have a real nice cafeteria we can go to that anytime during the day and it's always it is always nice to go down there and get a coffee or a tea or a juice
Irradiators containing cobalt-60 or another radioactive source would bombard hamburger, apple juice, and other foods with gamma rays, killing resident bacteria and parasites.
This haste has quickened the creative juices, and has sometimes resulted in innovative and intriguing place names.
If the need arises to order a drink, try Prudie's favorite: cranberry juice and soda, in a wine glass.
(You may recall that toxic E. coli showed up in alfalfa sprouts two months ago, and in Odwalla apple juice last year.)
ALABAMA SLAMMER 1 ounce Southern CHERRY BOMB Comfort 1 ½ ounce cherry 1 ounce sloe gin brandy Fill with orange juice.
Recent outbreaks have stemmed from bad drinking water, apple juice, and hamburger meat.
Apparently, Mr. Wheeler was under the impression that rubbing one's face with lemon juice rendered it invisible to videotape cameras.
As Martin, attired in an exquisite light-blue dress shirt buttoned at the neck, watches from a couch, sipping cranberry juice,...Martin on screen is making a weird birthing grimace and taking eggs out of his pants.
MELONBALL CREAMSICLE 1 ounce Midori 1 ounce vodka 1 ounce vodka 1 ounce Triple Sec Fill with orange juice.
SCREW SOLE COMFORTABLE 1 ounce sloe gin SCREW AGAINST 1 ounce Southern THE WALL Comfort 1 ounce sloe gin Orange juice to fill 1 ounce Southern Glass: Collins, with ice Comfort (A Sole Screw with the Orange juice to fill addition of Southern ½ ounce Galliano floated Comfort.)
The author explains that you can't walk down the streets of Paris without stirring up vital juices all around you.
"But I wore the juice," he mumbled.
From what I've been told, the attorney is the one who advised him to get a new driver's license in 1995 when a survey of his public records uncovered a stale but nevertheless incriminating trail for an overly eager reporter to follow," he said, pausing occasionally to spit tobacco juice into the ever-present Styrofoam cup.
Bringing AOL into it just adds more juice to the world's first-ever Internet libel case.
I know I've left you notes about the others being too small, which means the lobster shells and fish juices spill over and mix with the chewing gum and pasta in the bottom of the can.
But he gets way more juice out of the brutality such a character embodies than from exploring how he got to be that way.
COMPOUND NOUN COM- hemoglobin S air-cushion POUNDS (46) imitation VERB COM- ABC art milk POUNDS (5) adenosine ionic propul- clock in 3',5'-mono- sion clock off phosphate isolated cam- clock on Age of era clock out Aquarius juice man fuck around 
Stewart was on hand at the NYSE to ring the opening bell for her big day, after, says the Journal , serving the money men a breakfast of scones, croissants and fresh-squeezed orange juice.
