Different channel players now share detailed information on daily sales; investments in technologies mutually benefit both retailers and suppliers; and because of the effective use of information and manufacturing technologies, risk has been reduced across the entire channel.
The word matachines can translate to mean “clowning” or “trickery,” but can also mean “puppet player,” “jester,” and “buffoon.”
The structural and biochemical properties of PfPP5 described herein are hallmarks of the PP5 class, and thus establish PfPP5 as a likely player in parasitic signal transduction, and hence a potential target for antimalarial drug design.
the way people talk about uh there's not that it won't be as good as the NFL because uh there's not that many good or quality football players i can't believe that
The French team that won the 1998 World Cup was deemed by some unsuitable to represent France because of the mixed heritage of the players.
Players with handles like "nineball" and "fatso" just outplay me.
You’ll also see a rare male figure among the collection, and the beautiful Harp Player — a more complex carving in the same style.
"Elders on Ice" observes the twilight careers of New York Rangers Wayne Gretzky and Mark Messier: The "greatest player ever" and the "most-driven player ever" are past their prime, but still know how to win.
A variety of outside players other than auditors have been involved in and bear differing degrees of responsibility for some of the recent business failures.
i guess i like it because of of the quickness of it um and and i like it because it takes the players
but they've Dallas has always been good ahead you know heading good players and and both running
You'd never guess she's a lethal player of poker.
Top players have found that the best serve comes from the tip of the racket.
well the only thing that San Francisco may have done differently is that they've done a good job in the last few years of of getting rid of their older players and and bringing up new a bunch of new people
it's always wondered me why i mean they act as though this area is not you know a big metropolitan area but you think we'd someday get an owner in here that could afford to buy the the the players we need
To further confuse things, the LAT and NYT quote Clinton administration players as saying that the official U.S.
well who would you say is your favorite player or has ever been your favorite player
um i like Hebert um oh you don't know Hebert Laws but Hebert Laws is a flute player he's a jazz flute player and i like um
Yes, Kasparov had to be the guy on the front line--after all, he's the best human chess player of all time.
At the close of yesterday's drama, Congressional players were confronted with the bittersweet question of what they would do next.
so it's kind of you get points based on how many how many touch downs and and and and stuff like that that players on all different teams uh make
be interesting to see how the the Olympics does this year with all the the NBA players playing on the Olympic team
yeah i'm surprised a little bit when you're talking about basketball how some players work and Mavericks had
because about some of the players that had moved from here to Minnesota but it was interesting it certainly was an exciting series anyway
Although the telecom industry on the one hand is succumbing to merger-mania, on the other hand it's seeing new players spring up regularly, and it's now seeing wannabes such as RCN and Qwest becoming real contenders.
and the best players play and the ones that are just barely new sit on the bench most of the time they play a little bit just like what you just said
A player won if his number matched an agreed-upon daily variable made known through some public channel--for example, the last three digits of the total amount wagered at a given racetrack, which anyone could learn through the sports pages.
I have asked Sam Snead and Bob Cousy what they did for a living, and at my first Blackhawks game it took me 40 minutes to realize they players were on skates.
well i think you're right and i think Isaiah Thomas would fit in Detroit and i think those things do make a difference and there are marquee players and i think i think Jordan and the and the Bulls have to be
Disney CEO Michael Eisner was there, and tennis player Martina Navratilova and hockey player Wayne Gretzky and basketball player Bill Russell--though Culturebox only learned of their attendance from the press release she picked up as she left.
so i'd like to see college basketball and all the other sports go back to being amateurs i i don't care about seeing the best players in the world play i like to see uh the people going to Texas just play and the ones that are in class and and like to see athletes uh
so and that's the name of the game too you got to make money you know they pay these players so much money now it's just
He failed as a coach for the reason that other great players have failed as coaches: He thought about himself too much.
and new players and how next year is going to be even bigger and better than the previous year
yeah well he was good but we every time we'd get a real good player they'd treat him bad
(Europe is already grabbing MLS's best: Goalkeeper Brad Friedel went to Liverpool last season, and more top MLS players may follow him.)
The reason, basically, is that when there are increasing returns an industry will tend to become dominated by at most a few large players, and these players are bound to realize that they have some price-setting power.
Latin players also appeal to MLS's best fans.
) Notwithstanding everyone's reluctance, Lehrman got several minutes of film that brought dozens of bit players and their world to life--the seductive Sandor Ferenczi at a caf, (he once conducted affairs with a patient and her mother at the same time), the warm and animated Princess Marie Bonaparte graciously introducing everybody to everybody else at tea parties (she later rescued Freud from the Nazis), a dashing and alarmingly radiant Wilhelm Reich (he lated invented orgone therapy).
On the talk shows, the players testified that Bradley is "intelligent," "knowledgeable," "well-rounded," "compassionate," "concerned," "wonderful," "a great leader," "a great listener," and "a good person."
The Microsoft case demonstrates that antitrust statutes punish dominant market players and should be more laissez-fare.
The proposed merger between MCI WorldCom and Sprint obviously raises important antitrust questions, since the devouring of the country's third-largest long-distance player by the second-largest might very well not be in the best interests of consumers.
Bird's coaching philosophy, which he repeats over and over, is "It's a player's game."
"If St. Louis wins, Tennessee drops all criminal charges currently pending against the Rams' players, and vice versa."
There have been observant players even in the majors, most notably the great Sandy Koufax, who declined to play on Yom Kippur.
He is a popular trumpet player with his own band.
, most of whom now have the shoe deals Nike just canceled with out of work basketball players.
With the Patriots and the Jets, for example, Parcells demanded that players spend most of their off-season in training: Those who resisted--and some always did--got cut or traded.
Checkers masters stared down their Armageddon a few years ago, when a powerful computer program named Chinook forged a tie with the second-best checkers player in the world, Don Lafferty.
But the Washington Post is a little stronger on context, pointing out that Symington was a major player in the impeachment and removal from office of Meacham.
