He quoted Psalm 23-"though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death . . ." No American, he said,"will ever forget this day."
You'd never forget it.
Forget his daddy!
And my mom, she was crying and everything and she took, I forgot what the medicine was called, but it was that stingy medicine that really stung when they would put it against you, and, um she poured that all over the dog and wrapped it up in bandages and, um, she put it in a box and the next day she heard it barking.
Before we begin, though, the Shopping Avenger nearly forgot to announce the winner of last month's contest, in which readers were asked to answer the question, "What's the difference between pests and airlines?"
But the Yucatán remained a backwater, largely forgotten and ignored.
The tiny village of Rio de Onor, 24 km (15 miles) to the northeast, is a village that time forgot and a geographical oddity.
all right i i like keep forgetting to make these calls i've been on this list for two months and i think i've made four calls
If you’re planning several visits, you might like to concentrate on just one section at a time — the Italian, the French, the Spanish, the Flemish and Dutch, for example, but not forgetting the important sections devoted to ancient Egyptian, Greek, and Roman antiquities.
Ibiza became a mere backwater, largely forgotten but for shipwreck or plague.
Forget privatization and other attempts to "save" the program.
well i'd forgotten that Gossage was with the Rangers the the he was this year last year
There was now a risk, Riotta added, that the Europeans would see only this "sad face" and forget the millions of "respectable Americans" more interested in debating issues than in oral sex.
but i would forget to write the things down and it it that i i don't know if i ever went as far as three months or not in in keeping that kind of data i certainly haven't done that in sixteen years or whatever
i'd almost forgotten about that
But still, in one degree or another the feeling described by Auden, of not wanting to be forgotten, must be nearly universal.
um you have a uh oh i forgot what they call it it's the the
um the opportunity for to forget that you owe sales tax for something uh can be avoided
There would appear to be no reason why the first of these defining factors cannot be applied equally well to verbs, a boycott and to boycott could be labelled hand-in-hand as eponymous noun and verb (poor Capt. Boycott having been forgotten by everyone except the etymologists and encyclopedists).
i always forget the third one i can see it uh but the third one is a children's dog and
For some reason I just can't forget about this.
and it was getting rusty and the thing that they forgot to do was to um to also look at the hose
very little trash they they don't even have that much that they burn because they consume everything down to the thread and it amazed me i i just had totally forgotten how blessed
One of the great forgotten figures of American history, Van Buren pioneered party discipline as a way to muster the strength of numbers against the entrenched closed-door aristocracy, transforming state and later national politics.
and forget about you know trying to plant grass and stuff underneath that
and then people forget you know they you hear oh this person's going to be put to death but you don't they don't tell you what this person has done
And don't forget the other ways Slate can come to you, instead of your having to come to us.
well that's great well what kind of cash i've forgotten what were they going to do
Impeachment may be forgotten, but it's not gone.
Forget every Sunday-newspaper trend story you've ever read about gentrification, or about harried metropolitans fleeing to small towns, or about good-hearted buppies returning to the 'hood.
i keep forgetting what what she named him
Consumers can quite reasonably argue that history can't be changed and so is best forgotten.
The Republicans' new strategy seems to be: (Possibly) Forgive and (Maybe) Forget.
The formula for sulfuric acid will never be forgotten by anyone who learned in junior high school some variant of the following epitaph:
you know we just i just say forget it we'll just take it in and have it taken care of he drives drives a Honda
they they uh i i forgot exactly where this was but
i don't i do not really think that anybody can ever forget forget that but they can they can reason and and try to adjust to to why they were there
well i took piano lessons in fourth grade once for one semester i'll never forget Mrs Burkhalter
there's a uh a couple called um oh i'm going to forgot his name now uh Dirkson
I forget if it was Rose or Pauline--it was a deep well.
A voice behind me says, "She so old she forgets to turn off her gas burners when she goes out."
But over time, this aspect of his success will be forgotten because it doesn't fit the pattern.
I hope they only mean the handle part), apparently filed for a quickie divorce from her husband just 11 days after she was so busy that she forgot to tell him that she won $1.
Savage attributes such Svengalian omnipotence to Malcolm McLaren, and focuses so heavily on McLaren's intellectual antecedents, from structuralism to the Situationist International, that you could easily forget there was any band there at all.)
All that e-mailing she does appears to have caused her to forget how to write more than four consecutive paragraphs at a time.
And let's not forget that both the Pakistani and Indian governments are highly volatile and unstable, cautions Hunt.
It should also not be forgotten that in the rural languages there are also words referring to coins, money, etc.
Forget running for the Senate or being ambassador to the United Nations.
The Geordies do use pet as an endearment for wife or girl friend: I won't forget, pet, also in more general terms in conversing with people of all ages.
And as for Hillary, forget it.
