Tanya had ripped her eye out, had bitten her eyeball out, um obviously over the food that we had left out on the floor.
the it would just be besieged by people wanting to be your guide and you there were some places where people definite there would be kids there that were excellent at ripping you off
Bereft of copiers, Walter’s soup ripped forward again.
In April 2000, the airport surveillance radar at Boston's Logan Airport was ripped from its mounting pedestal during severe weather conditions, severely reducing the number of flights in and out of Logan Airport.
During the occupation of Boston, the English desecrated the church ripping out the pews and using it as a riding school.
Like Russia and the United States, China ripped off its commercial space capabilities from its weapons program.
Finally the mountain lion ripped off his arm his left arm.
the guys that i'm working with here the guy that i work directly with uh in my office he usually comes in in real ripped jeans he's pretty uh real casual in fact almost too casual
Unfortunately, the church building was massively and unsympathetically restored in 1871–1878, when most of the original interior was ripped out.
He ripped off Newt Gingrich's manifesto idea, preparing a "Contract With the American Family" whose 10 points were poll-tested to draw 60-percent-plus approval ratings.
and there were sounds of things breaking and you know you look you know we at one point we woke up to the sound of the uh the electric lines being ripped off our house and
The Jamesian upholstery is ripped off Begley's prose, and we are down to springs and horsehair: "I haven't seen your breasts.
Japan--"They're ripping us big league."
and he paid his monthly bills and he just you know wrote all the checks on the screen and hit print and it printed out like ten checks and he just you know they're perforated and he just ripped them off they go through just a continuous thing on the printer and
Marshall (Harve Presnell, sounding like Bob Dole) has ordered it out of a Lincolnesque compassion for all the families ripped apart by war.
um-hum yeah when we moved into our house i just hated the bushes they had and i i ripped most of them out and put them somewhere in the back and put new ones out front but that was a lot of work took me a long time
um my roommate was attacked and she got away unharmed but scared to pieces and had had all of her clothing ripped off of her um
The fully sophisticated spin: Despite getting ripped off, the democrats have secured a political base from which to harass and embarrass the Chinese.
you know so that he couldn't get out well he kind of ripped through the chicken wire so i can't i i i just have not
If you don't own your own tent, you will be able to lease one from the inn, but in that case, please bring your own mosquito netting, as many of the inn's tents are old and ripped, and the lake is famous for its KILLER Squites!
KAETHE (ripping off her mask): Not so fast!
yeah and it it just it just ripped it right
and i have since then probably ripped out
Although the plot seems ripped from You've Got Mail , the novel is far more sophisticated in its execution--a Milan Kundera-like inquiry into ontology, the uniqueness of e-mail communication, and human existence in general.
there was a cartoon in Cosmo about a year or two ago and it had this man sitting on a couch with his date and there were cats hanging all over him hanging on his clothes you know they had ripped him up and the couch was ripped up
For example, it says that I'd discovered that a third of the early entries written by staff researchers had ripped off other reference works.
and i left him in the kitchen with the little baby gates up while i was gone for about an hour and i came home and he had ripped my wallpaper off my wall
When they're deprived of options and benefits that exceed what they've paid for, or when they're obliged to pay premiums sufficient to cover the options and benefits they expect, they figure some special interest is ripping them off.
my mom would've probably ripped the radio off the
well it it takes up less room i mean you you set the wood down and you move the saw whereas if you're ripping wood you're probably better off with a a table saw
"FATHER CHRISTOPHER (ripping off his mask): Ah ha!
i used to get ripped off all the time because i spent way too much time on them
Despite the usual carps about his "tortured" prose (Dana Kennedy, Entertainment Weekly ) and cardboard cutout characters, most critics admit the novel is "a ripping read" ( Publishers Weekly ). (Read an excerpt of Rainbow Six .)
In one scene, ripped off from My Left Foot (1989), Max gets drunk in the course of a celebratory dinner and insults the teacher's date: "I have a hit play.
The half-sophisticated spin: The democrats get ripped off, because the Chinese rigged the election so that only half the legislature's seats were available.
Like the ripped dungaree, the High-Five has swept the nation and been duly coopted.
Other critics predict Microsoft's new bells and whistles will make no difference to the average user, who will consider the competing browsers "more alike than different" (Bruce Schwartz, USA Today ). Still others accuse Microsoft of predatory business practices, including ripping off the programming language Java from its competitor Sun.
This action flick, about a rogues' gallery of prisoners who hijack a jet, is deemed summer-blockbuster overkill: too many ridiculous plot twists, too many explosions, too much ripping off of its predecessors.
If you believe he is going to win with that slogan, you're either ripped or you've been tootin'."
Then somebody got ripped apart by a diseased ferret, but only, alas, in my 90-minute dream.
The revolution has ripped thousands of Cuban families apart, not the least of which is Castro's own.
In a celebrated case, Abraham Lincoln biographer Stephen Oates was said to have ripped off a widely read 1952 Lincoln biography by Benjamin Thomas.
A tornado ripped through Salt Lake City, killing one and injuring hundreds.
Two women say what really happened is that they ripped off the man in a crack deal, he tried to get into their car, and he was dragged in the ensuing altercation.
us) and in those that spent little but still have a lot of computers (Italy, I gather), then didn't we get ripped off?
Sinatra then reportedly ripped the phone out of the wall and threw it across the room.
A diamond bracelet mocks all the sables that wither and rot, the cars that rust, the champagne gone flat, and the claret turned vinegar, even the crumbling great houses and the faded great paintings--painstaking creations now fatally ripped, soaked, or burned.
Our family got the regular rate of $48 the first night, however others in the hotel started getting ripped off, being charged $75 the second night and up to $125 the third night.
A newly rich Russian crashes his Mercedes and starts wailing about the car: " 'How can you worry about your car,' asks a passer-by, 'when your arm is ripped off?
During the 1980s, Cornwell worked in a coroner's office, and now she specializes in clinical descriptions of autopsies, explaining in graphic detail how to analyze the vaginal swab of a raped corpse or how to test skin ripped off a tortured child's buttock.
