oh i mean i don't i i agree that the lie detectors are inappropriate but i think you know that it's hard to justify being i don't understand how our government can can encourage drug testing and discourage lie detector tests because they seem like they're testing the same sort of nebulous
However, persistent positive reactions upto 2 weeks following treatment [ 21 ] would not justify the introduction of rapid test as a screening test by village health workers in the region.
uh in order to justify taking his life
If your reserves are finite, after all, you need steady price increases over time to justify leaving any oil at all in the ground.
There is far too much Gates and West and there is far too little in what they are saying to justify their demand for your attention or for the culture's attention.
The combination of increasing incidence of disease, a growing population in the endemic area, and the lack of a highly effective drug treatment justifies efforts to prevent (rather than treat) this disease.
In a competitive market that placed a premium on price/cost competition and little value on time to market, the small reduction in direct labor cost did not justify the high potential costs and risks that arose from SLS downtime.
um so i you know it's it's hard to i guess for me to justify what seems seems like you know basically a breach of the First Amendment you know
"As a clever xenophobe, Haider has taken care to make just enough extreme statements to justify his 'credentials' with outright racists and neo-Nazis, while mainly sticking to more acceptable forms of extremism," the paper said.
Accordingly, the preparer shall justify any changes in the use of a valuation method.
Vance has achieved something extraordinary: the invention of nearly 1700 interesting new words, a number sufficient to justify his own dictionary.
Since each of these approaches has been extensively described and compared previously, what justifies the new treatment in this paper?
whether the benefits of the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowancesavailable starting in 2018 justify the costs and whether adjusting any of the limitations would provide additional benefits which justify the costs of such adjustment, taking into account both quantifiable and non-quantifiable factors;
In Madrid, an editorial in El Mundo Wednesday took Primakov to task for justifying Russia's opposition to the bombing of Serbia by citing the example of Basque separatism in Spain.
no i don't i i kept wanting i kept thinking about getting it but i just don't use the things enough to justify getting it
It discusses why the Government's asserted interest in "preventing [public radio] stations from becoming a privileged outlet for the political and ideological opinions of station owners and managers," 468 U. S., at 396 (internal quotation marks omitted), was insubstantial and thus could not justify the statute's restriction on editorializing.
feel like i can justify use the use of butter during that time uh not only just you know to put into the recipes but to serve on the table too
Invoking the second law of thermodynamics and Maxwell's Demon, the authors lead us through a challenging thesis that concludes that the persistence of life on earth requires both natural selection and niche construction, thereby justifying some of the bold claims for their new theory.
Then it was up to the principals to decide if the case was good enough to justify using force.
The patterns of divergence in both coding and cis -regulatory sequences described here indicate that D. pseudoobscura will greatly aid efforts to functionally annotate the D. melanogaster genome, and justify the choice of D. pseudoobscura as the second Drosophila species for complete genome sequencing.
Sex differences, she points out, offer no support to invidious stereotypes, are not a guideline for what is right, do not apply to every individual, and never justify the restriction of opportunity.
Of the 48,039 total splice junctions, 0.5% are annotated with GC/AG splice junctions, a frequency that might justify describing GC as an alternative splice donor.
In addition, the federal government should require each state receiving federal emergency preparedness funds to provide an analysis based on the same criteria to justify the distribution of funds in that state.
Does such an occurrence justify paranoid speculation about corrupt motives and conflicts of interest?
Mostly, it is tasteless, since the racial stereotypes at issue have been used to justify all sorts of historical barbarities.
He dismissed Western achievements as entirely material, arguing that Western society possesses "nothing that will satisfy its own conscience and justify its existence."
So, sooner or later, politicians reach a point where one more commercial just can't justify its cost.
As previously noted, the fact that materials may be exempt from public disclosure does not justify withholding them from GAO.
In a document released yesterday to justify its reordered priorities, the Council contended that Legal Aid can achieve greater economies of scale than lawyers appointed pursuant to Article 18-B of the County Law.
In effect, the tale merely serves as a device for taking a swipe at Starr, which may be justifiable, but this piece doesn't bother to justify it.
If he raises taxes to support "defense" programs that fail to justify their costs, once again the price of land will fall.
, the range within which two-thirds of all returns fall, used as a rough measure of volatility--is far smaller than would justify the immense premium investors give up to own bonds or bills with definite coupons and payment on maturity.
It is very important in our imperfect justice system that the police and prosecutors do not get the idea that the ends justify the means.
How could the WP possibly justify running one of Ken Starr's reports on page 17?
Christie "renders such a captivating performance that she alone justifies the price of admission," says Variety 's Leonard Klady.
Her Senate candidacy is a direct reward for the crosses she's had to bear; before Monica, her approval rating was too low to justify a run.
Springer makes several tepid attempts to justify Springer :
It can be, alas, a business of an entirely good sort or needful sort, justifying itself in the marketplace.
The cities "lived in the shadow of the riot ideology," he writes, and it is in the name of "the riot ideology" and of righting the wrongs of racism that liberals went on to justify the violence of the 1960s and its criminal aftermath.
The Swiss law was used by Hitler to justify Nazi policies.
The most damaging claim: HMOs hire ethicists who then justify the HMOs' decisions to deny expensive treatment.
The speaker probably thinks “taking it for granite” is correct, justifying it as meaning “as solid and stable as a slab of granite.”
No, what was surprising was that in the course of justifying this bit of interest-group entrepreneurship, the Friends of the Earth PAC was able to state that, looking at both candidates' years in Congress, Bradley had a significantly more pro-green voting record than Gore.
I could try to justify my tournament obsession as the natural extension of my romance with college basketball.
The West can't justify giving the country any more funds, it said, because such money "would undoubtedly be wasted."
But I needed something to justify my unreasonable anger.)
Lala Bonilla (Rosario Dawson), the amusingly named Delilah dispatched to seduce the young star, gets a monologue near the end in which she justifies her actions on socioeconomic grounds.
As one analyst put it, "Any time you have an organization that pays close to $9 billion for a company that others wouldn't have paid nearly as much for, it's natural that they're going to look for substantial cost reductions to justify the transaction."
That doesn't justify the ongoing disparity between criminal sentences for possession of powder cocaine and possession of crack--crack is much more likely to be used by blacks, and is punished much more harshly--but it does justify the tougher approach law enforcement agencies take in general today, as compared to two decades ago.
Since the Soviet Union fell apart, the agency has been increasingly desperate to justify its continued existence.
