Perhaps her fading mind called up once more the shadows of the past to float before it, and retraced, for the last time, the vanished visions of that long history--passing back and back, through the cloud of years, to older and ever older memories--to the spring woods at Osborne, so full of primroses for Lord Beaconsfield--to Lord Palmerston's queer clothes and high demeanour, and Albert's face under the green lamp, and Albert's first stag at Balmoral, and Albert in his blue and silver uniform, and the Baron coming in through a doorway, and Lord M. dreaming at Windsor with the rooks cawing in the elm-trees, and the Archbishop of Canterbury on his knees in the dawn, and the old King's turkeycock ejaculations, and Uncle Leopold's soft voice at Claremont, and Lehzen with the globes, and her mother's feathers sweeping down towards her, and a great old repeater-watch of her father's in its tortoise shell case, and a yellow rug, and some friendly flounces of sprigged muslin, and the trees and the grass at Kensington.
Because the schedule is so busy, each composition has to be only seven seconds long, but he still considers it his mandate to make each one of them True Art.
Before I go back to bed and try to shake this damn flu, one more thing: the lovely piece in today's New York Times advertising column about the "Cash" machine, which digitally compresses the pauses and long syllables out of talk shows so that local stations can sell more commercial time.
Corporate sites are too specialized (geared only toward investors or customers), and their jazzy graphics take too long to download.
Most Americans tell poll-takers that they believe in God, but few of them in a way that would make it impossible to take His name in vain: That requires an Old Testament piety that disappeared from American middle-class life a long time ago.
After I had submitted the manuscript, my editor at Simon &amp; Schuster had suggested a number of cuts to streamline what was already a long and involved chapter on Brian's ideas.
Scalia's arguments have shaped the debate in our time; he has gone a long way toward changing how judges interpret the letter of the law.
They were locked into a Europe divided by military deployments; an Asia in turmoil after Japan's defeat and Mao's triumph; and a rivalry between capitalist and Communist systems that long predated both men.
The audience was an untidy mix, milling and chattering in several languages and photographing each other during the long wait, some dressed in startling Westwoody costumes.
(Nine-tenths of a second, unfortunately, was how long his name remained in my memory.)
Paul Strand (1890-1976) enjoyed a long and prolific career spanning what amounts to five or six generations in the compressed history of 20 th century photography.
His tenure began with a splashy exhibition on royal patronage and built to the crescendo of "King Tut," which visitors waited in long lines to see in 1977.
I let him take a long and ling'ring look.
How long will they go with it?
Women's groups asked why it has taken so long.
According to the piece, "collecting live insects has a long tradition in Japan," but with increasing urbanization and the loss of wild habitat, they are becoming more difficult to find.
This tax-cutting initiative, which he is readying for the November 2000 election, will cap annual property-tax appraisals at 2 percent and exempt vehicles from the property tax (on the long shot that the government might start taxing cars as property).
Without a beat missed, my wife, her sister, and I--alleged adults all--reply, “Live long and prosper.”
But as far as American journalism is concerned, that pronouncement is not quite correct, because more often than not American journalists began and for an embarrassingly long time continued not with Vladimir or Ilich (as the founding Bolshevik is sometime affectionately called, peasant-fashion by his patronymic) but with Nikolai Lenin.
For quoting a Vietnam-era line of graffiti, “Fighting for peace is like fxxxing (my cryptic spelling throughout) for chastity,” the witty columnist Molly Ivins was blasted in a long letter to the editor of The Progressive . In contrast, we have the story about the ten-year-old who, caving in to the nagging of his ever-suspicious grandmother, admits that his grandfather did indeed let slip a “dirty” word ( shmuck ) on their fishing trip, but won't quote it: “What I can tell you is that it rhymes with fxxx.”
For 18 long months Michael could not find a job.
She appears to be a beautiful, young voluptuous woman, wearing a long flowing white dress, with her face covered or averted.
Each sequence is on one of the sixteen vertices of the hypercube and connected to four -mutant neighbors achieved by changing a single binary symbol among the four from to or from to . Imagine that the minimal program we were considering were a -long binary sequence.
Long term survival of apical sensory neurons is unrelated to differentiated hair cells and likely is independent of neurotrophins
Similar long term retention of apical afferents exists in the deaf white cat [ 25 ] and should be explored in other model systems with embryonic and neonatal hair cell loss [ 37 38 ] .
After an initial titration period, doses may remain stable for long periods (months to years) if the pain stimulus remains unchanged.
A number of studies have demonstrated that long treatment of both CsA and TAC is associated many side effects such as nephrotoxicity, hypertension, and gingival hyperplasia [ 1 2 ] . Rapamycin clinically termed, as Sirolimus (SRL) is a new immunosuppressive agent, which is structurally similar to TAC, binds to same binding protein FKBP, but has different mechanism of action [ 3 ] . Both clinical and experimental studies demonstrated that SRL when used either with CsA or alone is associated with side effects like hyperlipidemia, thrombocytopenia and nephrotoxicity [ 4 5 6 7 ] . SRL and TAC compete for the same binding site and hence it was thought they could not be used concomitantly.
Especially in the case of Buchnera, which possesses 50-200 chromosomes per cell [ 30] and in which nonfunctional pseudogenes can persist for long periods [ 31], selection for reduced DNA content seems an untenable explanation for its small genome.
The longest TSD found was 60 nucleotides even after we relaxed and extended the TSDfinder parameters to enable the identification of long TSDs.
Studies comparing long oligonucleotides to cDNA arrays have not been as forthcoming.
I'll try not to take too long, but I get to do this because this may be my last shot as Chairman of the PRC.
One of the factors cited for the decline in personal mail volume is falling long distance telephone rates which have made telephone communication more affordable and fostered substitution of telephone calls for personal mail.
By increasing the silent interval between pips until the difference disappeared, the experimenters could infer how long the vibrations (or swinging) appeared to persist and could then put a measure on the quality factor (Q), or narrowness in frequency range, of the presumed underlying resonance.
There's a cheap, common, and mostly safe drug, in daily use for centuries by hundreds of millions of people, that only lately has been investigated for its therapeutic potential for a long list of common ills.
Pass into the long quadrangle of the pillared Diwan-i-Am (Hall of Public Audience).
Like a fish’s backbone, one main road only 44 km (26 miles) long links Menorca’s two main cities with coves, resorts, and beaches — as well as a handful of tiny towns — on the north or south coasts connected to it by a web of mostly one-lane roads.
The Orthodox Church — for so long the one thing that united the Hellenic Diaspora — still has a strong influence on the population.
And there was one other sucker that cost a nickel and we called that an all day sucker, just because you couldn't eat the whole thing for the entire movie and you would really just have that sucker all day long.
we generally don't have a lot left over but as far as the long term our long-term goal is to to get out of debt
we uh just you know for like a short weekend or something we don't go for the long you know week long thing
how long have you been back in Maryland from Texas
oh yeah they've got nothing or they get on the telephone all day long
the uh rental company that actually was managing the apartments so when uh long long time ago when i used to live in apartments i would pay a rent
yeah so uh how long have you lived in North Carolina
i think that would real and i would like to maybe not take great long trips but but have your home base where your home is
he's uh yeah well it's uh it was sixteen inches long
yeah yeah yeah we had we had uh summer lasting long and then it then it then it became winter like
um-hum yeah when we moved into our house i just hated the bushes they had and i i ripped most of them out and put them somewhere in the back and put new ones out front but that was a lot of work took me a long time
yeah i'm i'm a college student so i haven't been you know of a jury eligible age for very long um
yeah the the the problem with that is it's such a long way it doesn't ever get back to the tenants that this is something you really need to do because even if they do a slight rent increase it's so small and over such a long period of time that no one notices
