Daniel Bell spends such an extended amount of time writing about Marx, that it's hard to discuss this book without making reference to Marxism.
Oh, and one other thing: Isn't this just another reminder that Janet Reno ranks among the worst attorneys general of all time?
Stock splits are a legacy of the time when it was difficult for individual investors to buy shares in anything other than round (that is, multiples of 100) lots.
The UPS strike makes everybody's front page, but only leads at USA Today . The Los Angeles Times leads with California's passage of a welfare reform bill that would for the first time ever subject state recipients to strict time limits and work requirements, along with a companion measure that would ban from the rolls for life anyone convicted of a drug felony.
Speaking of masculinity, a Time article notes the nail-polish-for-men trend.
Time 's main article emphasizes Hillary's role in the White House reaction: While Bill crashed on a couch, she went into overdrive.
"Met audiences have shown little interest in any of the innovations that have transformed opera over the past half century" (Mark Swed, the Los Angeles Times ).
Others say the novel rambles: "As with a bright child brought down to entertain the guests, you begin to wonder when it will be bath time" (Richard Eder, the Los Angeles Times ). They also note the new novel's fortuitous publication date: The rumor that Monica Lewinsky bought Baker's 1992 phone-sex novel Vox for President Clinton has upped that book's sales 200 percent.
The short-term betting says Gingrich has quelled the Republican mutiny against him and bought himself time to regain his stature as a policy leader.
At election time, we are not urged to avoid the media so as to remain unbiased until we get to the voting booth.
That saves time (the new nursing exam takes less than two hours, on average) and also makes tests more accurate, since the computer can ask more questions around your level to ensure you really are in the 63 rd percentile.
Drivers with a level of 0.10 percent to 0.14 percent are 48 times more likely to crash, and those at 0.15 percent or more are 385 times more likely to crash.
According to the coverage, the newly brokered agreement lacks something the Iraqis had previously insisted on--a time limit on inspections of the presidential locations.
"Everything seems more and more the same, wherever you are," wrote architecture critic Paul Goldberger in a New York Times Magazine article last year.

Critics call it "richer and more profoundly disturbing than Anne Frank's journals" (Jesse Birnbaum, Time ). Peter Gay writes in the New York Times Book Review that "even the reader familiar with Holocaust material must be gripped by these pages" and that the book has a "concrete, vivid power that is, and I think will remain, unsurpassed."
The big story today is what happens when blue tape meets red tape, with the House Judiciary wrangle over the release of Starr report evidence--including the Clinton video--leading at USA Today , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times . The New York Times puts that story on the top front, but goes instead with Congress' likely decision to transfer control of satellite exports back to the State Dept. from the Commerce Dept., a development with its roots in a now-nearly forgotten Clinton technology-transfer-for-political-donations scandal broken last spring by the Times , a development nobody else's front page covers.
Time columnist Margaret Carlson praises "their unassuming ways."
According to the Johannesburg Star , the government's refusal to negotiate "has united unions across the ideological and race spectrum for the first time since the 1980s."
Picture Week , which died after two extensive market tests by Time Inc., was called People Lite by some skeptics at Time Inc. because the publication was designed for those who think there is too much to read in People (New York , January 6, 1986).
In addition to expanded physical facilities since the completion of Science, Engineering and Technology Building Phase Two, several of the programs in the school have expanded in terms of student and faculty size; the research and development contracts with federal and state agencies and private industry exceeded one million dollars in value for the first time last year; interaction of faculty and students with the other schools on campus increased drastically in terms of joint research projects on medical imaging, computational neuroscience and biomechanics and the partnership with Naval Avionics Warfare Center and Naval Weapons Center flourished with the moving of Electronic Manufacturing Productivity Facility from California to a new facility within one mile of the main campus.
Based on our 1992 survey, we estimated lead times for two different scenarios: “standard” lead times that represent performance for a typical product in the supplier’s selection and “shortest” lead times that indicate a supplier’s best practice.
The sleeping time was noted by recording the interval between the loss and regaining of righting reflex [ 27 ] .
Among them are the α/β of the structure (which can vary considerably for early vs late reacting tissues and for early vs late reactions within the same tissue), time taken to deliver treatment, fraction size, and length of treatment interruptions.
20; p = 0.014), indicating a statistically significant increase in claims over time.
We previously reported that enteral nutrition initiated within 36 hours of surgery or admission to the ICU reduces the incidence of infectious complications as compared with nutrition delayed for greater than 36 hours [ 8 ] . The time to the initiation of enteral nutrition was significantly shorter in those patients randomly assigned to receive nutrition by the gastric route (-16.
Gene prediction programs predict exon boundaries correctly only about 80% of the time, even for the most intensively studied organisms [ 7, 8, 9].
The exact time of the intervention should be recorded.
NOAA determined that the most important business of its short-term warning and forecast weather services was to predict the time and location of weather events and to do so with accuracy.
-Observations over time -Participant observation -Documents -Archives -Physical information
I would be pleased to respond to any questions that you or members of the Select Committee may have at this time.
The grants come at a time when funding for programs providing attorneys for the poor are in jeopardy from declining interest rates, cutbacks in federal funding and legal challenges.
“By the time they are adolescents or adults, they are showing the [proper] response for familiar faces.”
Who is to choose the right test, the right time, the appropriate question to ask?
For a preliminary assessment of assay variability, blood from a single study participant was assayed as described above 20 separate times over the course of a single afternoon by a single operator.
Kanishka was a champion of the Mahayana (Great Vehicle) school, which attributed for the first time a quasi-divinity to Buddha; his active patronage of the arts led to the creation of the first bronze and stone sculptures of Buddha.
some times when Americans go into foreign countries they tend to flaunt American things Americanism um consumer products TV the whole works
i think it you know it probably was a good movie i just uh really didn't get into it that much but uh everybody i've talked to has just loved it and they want to go back and see it you know two or three times
i have the stuff there i don't have the motivation all the time
don't you think that maybe that's why we had it this time i mean i do think that i i it's been too long in coming but i feel like maybe the American people and
oh my gosh i've got to go to Maine then i you may have sold a trip for some time
well lots lot of times we take seventy five and uh it seems like
um-hum been a long time been a long time
but um i guess it moves in different uh areas at different times um
a lot of times they they they do it manually on the computer which just really is a waste of time and then if they ever have to change anything in that in that in the document
and that just that really does ruffle my feathers at times i mean i can just get so aggravated about it
and she didn't bark at all until she spent time there and and um
where i've i used to find time
and they were referring to you know Captain Kirk every time he left the Enterprise everything went to hell
and um keeping you know being wrapped up in a team and caring whether they win or lose in the sense that it makes a big difference in my life you know because i just don't have that kind of time
