"Yes," replies Ferd, booting up the computer plans of the hospital they target for the rescue operation, "Signed on Aug. 15, 1904, with the illiterate Masai using thumbprints, the document said the Masai leaders 'of our own free will, decided that it is for our best interests to remove our people, flocks, and herds into definite reservations away from the railway line, and away from any land that may be thrown open to European settlement.
The exercise illustrates why one top investor believes "these stocks have become like major land masses."
Cop Land
The state's growing eco-tourism industry harbors many "enviros" who regard the fragile bounty of their land with a quiet pride that has less to do with ownership than with stewardship.
The overwhelming majority of chat-room participants seem to accept the premise of "Dark Alliance," and to spend their time arguing over the connections to other perceived conspiracies like the JFK assassination or that more recent fave, Arkansas land dealings.
"I mean by a picture," he wrote, "a beautiful romantic dream of something that never was, never will be--in a light better than any light that ever shone--in a land no one can define, or remember, only desire."
Wayne had the good luck to rule over Westerns, a genre that was set on wide-open land and commemorated the past and dealt in stark moral truths--a genre doomed to grow obsolete, leaving Wayne to dominate the landscape, a proud and lonely warrior.
Inventing a holy land,who would have settled for theseneutral hills bare except for scrub and sage,a sky unclouded as impenetrable,now and then the timeless Bedouin tent--which would explain, along that ridge,a straggling flock of goatswith stretched-out, walking shadows?
The dispossession of Irish Catholic farmers, which took place in successive waves over several centuries, relegated them to the most marginally cultivable pieces of land.
Land of the (Sluggishly) Rising Sun
(The duke's lands included Bordeaux.)
City officials are incredibly sensitive to the charge that they are buying Clinton land with money that should go to feeding the giraffes.
Early on, he refers to the American West before European settlers arrived as "empty land."
Affirmative action (even for athletes and preppies) sometimes has a place in this land of second chances, where anyone can grow up to be president.
That the Roosevelts managed to keep all these plates in the air, while also raising five children and sharing the presidency of the United States, is just another big reminder that any one marriage is a stranger and more mysterious land than an outsider can possibly know.
In the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain, government farm, government garden, government ground, government paddock, government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant, lease, or purchase, to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated, unoccupied or (from slightly later, in the 1840s) unsettled from land which is located or settled.
To locate meant, similarly, to allocate (a parcel of land), to settle (oneself) on a piece of land, or to select (a piece of land).
wong a portion of unenclosed land
It is a sardonic wit, a wit that can be as savage and biting as the dry northern winds that sear this land for a goodly part of the year.
It is a term for the promised land in the Book of Mormon and is supposed to mean land of the honeybee.
The implication was that all land would be freely alienable, without being burdened by the residual control of lords higher in the feudal chain.
The Pilgrims had made a journey to a new land, and the new land promised a partnership with God that was not possible without an exodus from the old world.
The period of the Civil War witnessed legislative measures that had never been seen before in the United States—the beginning of a national banking system, the issuance of a national currency, a homestead act that distributed 160 acres to each settler, and land grants for building universities.
As we explained in our June 22 letter, the Counsel failed to supply any evidence from the statutory language, legislative history, or case law to support the assertion that Congress intended the phrase "existing law" to exclude the Constitution, the highest law of the land.
In her self-assessment for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle, she stated that she began conducting land use assessments for Gunnison Gorge and approved "pre-plans," which outline the anticipated schedule, budget, and stakeholder involvement to complete a land use plan.
Stewardship PP&amp;E would include stewardship land (that is, land not acquired for or in connection with general property, plant, and equipment); heritage assets (for example, Federal monuments and memorials and historically or culturally significant property); and Federal mission property, plant, and equipment (for example, space exploration and military weapons systems).
Federal mission PP&amp;E excludes land whether the land is general PP&amp;E land or stewardship land.
Any costs to prepare stewardship land for its intended use (for example, razing a building) shall be expensed as a part of the cost of stewardship land.
Virtually all stewardship land is useable for its purposes at September 30, 1994.
Spallanzani closed his 1768 monograph on regeneration, An Essay on Animal Reproductions , with a series of questions— which, except for the antiquated language, could be asked by citizens of the twenty-first century: But if the abovementioned animals, either aquatic or amphibious, recover their legs, even when kept on dry ground, how comes it to pass, that other land animals, at least such as are commonly accounted perfect, and are better known to us, are not endued with the same power?
genome can tell them about the difference between photosynthesis on land and in the sea.
During this period, foreigners were allowed to buy large parcels of land for the first time (much of it used for the sugarcane plantations), and ties to America, both economic and political, were dramatically tightened, with talk of possibly annexing Hawaii reaching the White House.
In 1516, the Turkish Ottoman dynasty conquered the whole of Jerusalem and the Holy Land, extending their Middle-Eastern empire.
Grants of tax-free land over the years had been made to Buddhist temples and members of the court aristocracy.
The problem was that British strategists, who were fighting the Ottoman Turks in 1917, had secretly promised the lands to their World War I Arab allies.
Life changed fundamentally: vast tracts of land were given to Norman lords and Roman Catholic religious orders.
On 15 May 1905, the railroad held a land sale — a momentous step in Las Vegas history.
India is exhilarating, exhausting, and infuriating — a land where, you’ll find, the practicalities of daily life overlay the mysteries that popular myth attaches to India.
The famous tenements (or “lands”) began to be built.
In the center of the caldera are two low-lying areas of land that appeared after the 1500 b.c. eruption: Nea Kameni and Palea Kameni.
The designation of the name came about after the land west of the Jordan River was annexed by Jordan in 1950.
Rand Memorial Nature Centre, on 100 acres of land on East Settlers Way to the east of Freeport, is used as a resource for students on the island, but there’s nothing dry and academic about it.
The gate was left isolated in no-man’s land when the Wall went up, and subsequently became the scene of quite ecstatic celebrations when it came down, though now you would scarcely believe it as Berliners cross nonchalantly from east to west through Brandenburg’s mighty central arch.
Northwest of the city of Hamilton, in Pembroke Parish, lies a small area of land reaching out into the mouth of Great Sound.
The island was needed as a military base but was too small for that purpose, so extra land was reclaimed from the sea to create a land area big enough for an air base and naval station.
When the discovery of gold on the Fraser River in 1858 brought in a flood of American adventurers, Britain decided it was time to take the land over from the Hudson’s Bay Company and create the colony of British Columbia.
The Prado is the town’s principal thoroughfare, a palm-lined boulevard that takes you down to the spit of land protruding into the bay past smart waterside villas.
They owned car dealerships and extensive land.
uh the Seattle area we lived outside outside of the city in the country and uh we have five acres of land up against a hillside where i grew up and so we did have a garden about a one a half acre garden big size
uh if you did it by volume rather than by weight it would uh speak more directly to the space need than the land fill
