Those statistics say nothing about how many day traders lose money in relative terms, which is to say underperform the S&amp;P 500.
The NYT says Furrow's arsenal included an Uzi assault pistol.
I don't know why it is that adult readers--including myself, since my reading life (which is to say, my life) is divided evenly between bedtime stories for younger children and serious adult fiction (plenty of dreck there!)--eschew the pleasures these books afford, especially since we are likely to have fond, intense memories of just those pleasures.
The biggest obstacle, says the Times , is Jesse Helms, whose main interest in the area of nuclear weaponry is not traditional arms control, but enhanced anti-missile defenses.
When State Trooper Danny Ferguson invited Jones to Clinton's hotel room, he told her, "The governor says you make his knees knock."
A short piece says there is a "child famine" in the Great Plains: North Dakota, South Dakota, Kansas, Nebraska, and Wyoming are not producing enough children to sustain their small towns.
"It is a notable example of what happens when writers discount the centrality of narrative to fiction," says Newsday 's Dan Cryer.
In Canada, the Toronto Globe and Mail said in an editorial Thursday that it is time for America's "pundits, pollsters and prognosticators" to take a vacation, because "[i]f Americans are tired of hearing about President Bill Clinton's sexual life, they are doubtlessly doubly weary of hearing 'experts' tell them how they feel about the whole thing."
Butler says that the speech must be allowed.
Cyber Patrol says that it excludes sites that advocate drug use or bigotry, but that it does not exclude "opinion or educational material, such as the historical use of marijuana or the circumstances surrounding 1940's anti-Semitic Germany."
Fred Thompson's hearing, says that he witnessed Nickles taking calls from potential donors in his office.
And what does he say?
Today, says the paper, with government legal aid programs on the wane, Soros will launch a multimillion-dollar initiative to fund 70 two-year public interest fellowships for young law school grads, supporting their legal efforts on behalf of such clients as battered women, the homeless, Native Americans and migrant farm workers.
Some of Said's admirers refer to Ajami by the ugly term "Uncle Abu"--a play on Uncle Tom meaning, in this case, an Arab Orientalist.
The photos were released by Bill Ballance, 80, a former radio talk show host who says he and Schlessinger were once lovers, who, in his memorable phrase, used to thrash around "like a couple of crazed weasels."
The Pan-Arab al-Quds al-Arabi said that the closing statement issued at the Arab foreign ministers' meeting had been "woefully inadequate" and, by failing to condemn Operation Desert Fox, had made it possible for the United States to claim Arab support for further military action.
Some critics say that Linux will fracture into a dozen different incompatible versions, just as Unix did.
When he said he became a writer because it was easier on the feet, he half meant it.
The editorial said the bitter battle between the two men has "totally destabilized" their followers who have been raised in "the cult of the leader."
As the first peacekeepers arrived in East Timor, the South China Morning Post took a hard line against the Indonesian government in an editorial Monday, saying that "[i]f the army lets its militia puppets fight the UN forces, then Jakarta should pay a heavy price.
Trump, who said he would decide by March whether to run for president, would likely spend $100 million to $200 million of his own money on a campaign.
Handing Felicia a cup of tea, he says, "The goodness is in the warmth, they say," and I half expected maggots to swarm out of his mouth.
It's a common expression, says Mahmoud el-Azzazzay, a Queens travel agent: "We say it probably 200 or more times a day."
The Observer said that during the biggest party on the planet "most of its [6] billion souls stopped, if for one second, to remember that they were alive together, on Earth, the beautiful accident."
The New York Times big type says, "GOP in Scramble Over Blame," and the Washington Post sums things up similarly: "Shaken Republicans Count Losses, Debate Blame."
A front-page WP story says that there is a serious crowding problem at the White House that has prompted the Park Service to propose a $300 million overhaul.
Saying lather, bather, father?
In fact, it is not stretching things too much to say that first-class collocational control is the hallmark of the true L2 expert; collocational control is normally the last linguistic subsystem to be mastered by learners who proceed to an advanced level.
John Walter Jones, chief executive of the Welsh Language Board, says that widened horizons may also be to blame: The world has widened and some of the things that used to be local have been lost in that widening process.
"A lot of my clients really feel that they're not afraid to come to court because they know she'll listen to them, and they like her positive reinforcement," Leon said. "
"The central issue is that we are a society of laws, and for that to truly work, there must be equal access to the justice system for everyone, whether they have the ability to pay or not," he said.
'I think this is a crock,' said Humphrey, a vegetable farmer for 30 years.
Lalley said the center will be staffed by Western Michigan Legal Services and a rotation of volunteers from the bar.
The position that consolidation means the community will suffer is exactly wrong," said Ghita Schwarz, president of the Legal Services Staff Association, the union for legal service employees.
The report says: "Our clerks or our new technology read your handwriting, no matter how 'creative' it might be."
“The station is superb and truly looks like a Fine Arts Museum, and since the Fine Arts Museum resembles a station, I suggest… we make the change while we still can,” said painter Edouard Detaille in 1900.
And he um, s, he gave, he gave, um, the lady his, his phone number and he, she said, "Well where are you so I can tell your mommy where to come get you at," and the little boy gave her the address of where he was and said, "Please call my mommy.
He takes him out there, he says, he asked, I could hear, I mean it's right outside the door.
it may be my phone um anyway it's the only car that says you know sporty and class uh so
um and it was say you know we did a couple of different ones and it was the least expensive and
ours has too now when we moved in the man that sold it to us had said he had remodeled it
but other than that i don't have much feeling for for the benefits since like i said um i don't have a big problem with with them i
than we had uh i've been in Maryland for twenty years so uh um i'd i'd say when i first came here you know it it was quite
well that's that's what i'm saying
yeah it's it's like you say very annoying and um why why do we let this happen
uh yes so you said you retired i just happen to have a person that i happened to do some planning for this morning but anyway uh
yes even at a discount store i've looked at them and they're about eighteen ninety for one of them so uh that's why i say i can't quite
uh-huh yeah he he told us his yeah he said that he wanted to die at that point
then i'd say uh possibly i mean but it would to be an emergency type thing and i and i don't see that ever happening uh
say that the problem is that we've gotten away too much from teaching the kids the material and too much into let them let letting them discover what they feel or what they want to learn for themselves
