(To be fair, the Times piece does mention other forces, but I still find it an unambitious mishmash.)
Comment : The part about no inheritance taxes for farmers sounds especially fair.
When Mansfield phoned back, he said, "You can certainly quote portions of the transcript under the fair use doctrine, and you also can certainly take still frames, make still frames, of the videotaped interview under the fair use doctrine as well."
Bauer said that his father was a janitor and that this wasn't fair.
Add to that the press's non-ideological, but still unattractive, contempt for likely losers, and you get an atmosphere in which the House GOPs are fair game for cheap shots.
Western countries have urged China to conduct fair, competitive elections next year.
But it was a surprise when he upset two old-guard barons to win the union's first fair, open presidential election in 1991.
And we took that to be a fair point.
Well, if smoking can reduce breast cancer, it's only fair that, according to the NYT front, catalytic converters have been found by the EPA to be a significant cause of global warming.
To be fair, this last neurosis extends beyond McPhee.
To be fair, Wright is talking about sleeping with a newborn infant, before the age when weaning would naturally become an issue.
(But no, Randy, that's not fair, and you know it.
ArtNet is the brainchild of Hans Neuendorf, a German dealer who started the first international art fair, in Cologne in 1967--the first actual art market.
Well actually, to be fair, it was made by Matt Drudge, in his May 20th Report.
At the behest of a vivacious teacher, Miss Riley (Laura Dern), they're working toward entering the state science fair and competing for college scholarships, but their true goal is simpler: making those rockets go straight and long.
"The Yankee Clipper, Joe DiMaggio, because of his grace under pressure and his unimpeachable sense of fair pl--What?
An absurdly inefficient system of protected markets and money-losing public corporations has been liberalized and privatized, producing a fair bit of unemployment but a huge surge in productivity.
Yet the banner inside General Electric's aero-engine servicing department in South Wales--'_____________'--is a fair approximation of what GE has been up to in Nantgarw since it bought the business from British Airways in 1991."
By insisting that everything Microsoft has done is fair competition, they risk the possibility that the public, if it accepts the judge's finding to the contrary, will conclude that Microsoft doesn't know the difference.
The piece is scrupulously fair, airing all sides and concluding that collaboration, if that's what it was, may not be such a bad thing, especially for readers.
Perhaps as a sop to female viewers, the cast includes a fair helping of Gillette jaws and cute butts.
Readers ought not be put off by the number of pages, for this is a large-format book with a fair amount of text.
But when it comes to dictionaries, editors appear to consider them fair game for almost anyone, and they often assign novelists to write the review.
But there is a difference between learning about them and trying to gain fluency in them: I think I know a fair amount about many languages in which I have no speaking or writing ability; however rewarding fluency in them might be for aesthetic reasons (to read their literature, for example), one has just so much time.
If a writer is, by definition, one who writes a fair amount and does so professionally (for which read “gets paid for it”), I suppose I can call myself a writer.
In fact, as we shall see, natural languages contain a fair amount of redundancy.
Even when I started working in London I had to accept a fair number of Mista Forps in the course of an average day.
Anything quaint found in New England is fair game, regardless of where else it may occur.
In western Tennessee, a collaboration by two programs will bring over a million dollars in US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) fair housing grants to Tennessee.
The fair value of the property, if known and material, shall be disclosed in notes to the financial statements.
(1) the establishment and maintenance of a fair and equitable schedule;
Similarly, § 403(a) assigns the Postal Service the duty to "plan, develop, promote, and provide adequate and efficient postal services at fair and reasonable rates and fees."
It has also been proposed that a lottery would be the only fair approach to allocating ARVs [3].
The Scots have traditionally hosted “the best New Year celebrations in the world,” and Edinburgh has expanded the one night into a five-night Hogmanay Festival of torchlight parades, street theater, and food fair in the days before 31 December (website: <www.edinburghshogmanay.org>).
Today, at Stampede Park, it does indeed stage agricultural and garden exhibitions, displays of Indian crafts and dancing, and all the sideshows of a country fair.
yes i i think they can probably come up with some ways to insure that uh you know people would get a fair trial and not have to go through this process
of someone's well if if they earn a great deal of money and i would being somewhere in the middle feel like that it would be a lot more fair to have a little more heavily weighted
are so protecting what they have in the budget that it doesn't seem to work that every man has to pay his own fair share and maybe that's why corporate America gets away with what they're doing
uh but when they revamped the you know supposedly making things more fair um
i think that i think it would be fair i think if if the company could not provide it all on their own for the for the people that would be using it you know a certain amount of their salary would go to it but it would still probably be cheaper
you know i'm i'll be honest with you it takes a fair amount to offend me and sometimes i go to these movies and they've got just this gratuitous uh uh
uh yeah a big chunk of it's word processing we're also taking programming classes and uh so there's a fair amount of programming getting done on it but uh
yeah uh originally i'm from West Virginia we got a pretty fair amount of snow but uh i got down here in June of eighty four
which i thought was fair
yeah yeah well with this well they classify it as computer engineering technology so i'm getting a fair amount of programming as well as electronics
it wouldn't be fair to um like with say lower class people who don't make as much money
it's not it's not fair to just kind of do everything all the same with all guns because they're not all the same you know
well sometimes sometimes the sentencing is still is not fair
i i think that's true i can remember times my parents would say well what do you think would be a fair punishment
yes other than nuking it um in fact Los Alamos uh has uh done a fair amount of research uh in recycling things in general
