The Post lead is what it sees as a quiet but major shift in Clinton administration Yugoslavia policy: dropping opposition to Kosovo's independence from Yugoslavia.
They are in all the quiet places where the cameras do not roam, making love, making family, making dinner, and making a world.
USA Today runs the Senate results on Page 8, leading instead with the FBI's quiet efforts to warn local police about the possibility that anti-government militias and hate groups will become increasingly dangerous in the coming year because of the apocalyptic significance some of them attribute to the new millennium.
It's like having a newspaper broadcast the address of your favorite quiet little restaurant.
I'm sitting in a quiet corner somewhere, devouring the latest Michael Crichton, the cover carefully hidden from sight.
Companies offer dark, quiet nap rooms, reasoning that midday naps help workers maintain focus.
The White House is so spooked by the prospect of Lewinsky cooperating, believes Jane Mayer ( Washington Week in Review ), that it is beginning a quiet smear campaign against her.
Abe's spirit has been pretty quiet since the midcentury restoration.
In the shoes vibrates the silent call of the earth, its quiet gift of the ripening grain and its unexplained self-refusal in the fallow desolation of the wintry field."
Brodkey's account takes us from his discovery that he was ill with AIDS through his prolonged hospital stay with pneumonia, his decision to return home, and the slow months--many in a quiet equilibrium that was not health, but not death either--that followed.
It crested on choruses of screaming boy sopranos and furious churning from the instruments, then abated to quiet intonations and still chords, filigreed by a solo clarinet.
A short profile of probable House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., says little about Hastert except that he's a quiet conservative.
USA Today 's lead is that Lewinsky initially kept quiet because she believed her relationship with President Clinton might last beyond his second term.
There's also some quasireligious, quasiscientific blather to the effect that the boy was conceived without a father by "metachorians"--symbiont, microscopic life forms that will speak to you if you "quiet your mind."
1. HONG KONG BANS MONKEY FEEDING Stifled by traffic and smog all day, Hong Kong residents know the value of their parks for peace and quiet.
That means freezing rain, cheerlessly crabbed interiors, and lots of extras who visibly live lives of quiet desperation.
Despite the general consensus that DiMaggio was exactly the kind of quiet, workmanlike player that is practically gone from today's courts and fields, a sort of anti-Rodman, if you will, it's useful to note, as the WSJ does, that in 1938 DiMaggio held out for more money (he wanted at least $40,000 and the Yankees were offering $25,000.)
In a recent advertisement for the luxuriously quiet Lincoln Town Car, Jack Nicklaus is trying to make a putt, but cannot because of the noise of the spectators.
When finished, the Lilly House interior will reflect the quiet grandeur of its 1930s appearance during the early era of the Josiah K. Lilly Jr. family's occupancy.
Just stay quiet, and you'll be okay.
Just stay quiet.
For many years, leaders on both sides preferred to keep their ties quiet and behind the scenes.
The only question that did not exhibit significant change was "Does your tinnitus make it uncomfortable to be in a quiet room?"
Survival time was 16 hrs in a peaceful, quiet atmosphere without distress, a light sedative state with diminished communication skills, oral fluid intake and support by the presence of her husband.
Described by the attorneys who appear before her as a consummate professional, Zelon projects quiet determination, intense intellectual curiosity, confidence and thoughtfulness, on and off the bench.
Its tranquil Moorish gardens with fountains and quiet patios are its main selling point, though rooms are very comfortable.
Here you’ll find all the resorts, bars, and discos you could wish for, but there are also traditional villages, deserted beaches, secret coves, and quiet walks for when all you want to do is escape the fray.
And if you feel like being idle, France is full of quiet places where it’s a simple joy to do absolutely nothing.
The tower dominates a quiet residential district that houses embassies and government buildings.
This quiet traffic-free haven forges a superb link between the Renaissance and ancient Rome’s most sacred site, where sacrifices were made to Jupiter and Juno.
One of the city’s many blessings is that there remain so many quiet and beautiful corners that have changed little with time.
With fine hotels and fashionable boutiques, Courmayeur’s lost innocence is easily captured in Entrèves, its quiet, little-sister neighbor 3 km (2 miles) to the north.
With its walled, garden-surrounded villas, mountainous terrain, and dramatic craggy coast, this still-beautiful island manages to cater to the boisterous fun of day trippers and package tours while simultaneously providing quiet hideaways for the idle rich.
The quiet and pretty square, Plaza de la Paja (Straw Square), was the commercial focus of the city in the days before the Plaza Mayor.
It’s tempting to try to sandwich everything into just a couple of days, but be sure to leave time in your schedule to get sidetracked in a colorful food market or an alley of antiques shops, or to peek in a quiet courtyard.
Today the area is better known for the merry-makers who swarm its bars late into the night and spill out onto the streets; disgruntled residents hang signs from their windows pleading with the municipal government to impose quiet hours.
The market leads into a quiet, modern foreign diplomatic quarter, home to embassies including those of Ireland and the US.
The views from the chair-lift are also spectacular, and the peace and quiet as you soar up and down the mountainside is quite extraordinary.
El Hierro has hardly any tourist facilities, no natural spectacles, and no good beaches, but it is pretty, quiet, and totally unspoiled.
With room for more than 100 passengers each, most of these vessels are quiet and serve a lunch cooked en route.
Students find quiet corners to read, relax, or play tennis, and children sail their boats on the octagonal pond or ride a merry-go-round designed by none other than Charles Garnier, architect of the Opéra (see page 45).
Equally hard to believe, this inland town was once a port and coastal fortress until the sea inlet here silted up, leaving the quiet Óbidos lagoon cut off and the shoreline nearly 10 km (6 miles) away.
A little farther west, Quarteira, once a quiet fishing village, is today virtually unrecognizable, subsumed under an onslaught of rows and rows of apartment buildings.
And uh, you know, I mean we were trying to be quiet not to wake her parents up so you know and uh, we ended up watching this movie and this movie ends up lasting until about um, 4:30, 5:00 in the morning.
This little two year old perched in the front on the boat, you know, on the bow just floating around, and I remember you were pretty quiet, you didn't really say too much.
I can remember uh, some of those stories now, uh, my mother would tell the story of a my uh, great grandmother, my grandmother sitting in the door of living room, when uh, my daddy would go to see her, before they got married and, and of course she would sit there until they leave, and sometimes she would act as though she was sleeping and got rather quiet, she would ( ).
that's their big selling point uh other than general luxury and and but the particular seems to be the uh the quiet ride
we had a pretty quiet Christmas at our house this year and one of the things that we've been putting off for a long time was to was to rent all of the Godfather movies
you know i used to do that for my dog too to give her some stimulation but she didn't seem to appreciate it she kind of likes the quiet
well it it changes it could be a quiet week it could be the kind of thing where kids want to go do something else so it goes pretty quick at the end is allowance so they have to make it through you know collect
