According to Faludi's acknowledgements, Backlash began as a story for the San Jose Mercury News's Sunday magazine debunking an unpublished academic study by David Bloom, a Harvard economist, and Patricia Craig, a Yale graduate student, purporting to show that never-married college-educated women faced, at age 30, only a 20 percent chance of getting hitched in their lifetimes.
Since Republic still owned the copyrighted story behind It's a Wonderful Life and had also purchased exclusive rights to the movie's copyrighted music, it was able to essentially yank the movie out of the public domain: It claimed that since Wonderful Life relied on these copyrighted works, the film could no longer be shown without the studio's blessing.
What appeals to us about computer art is that SLATE can show you not reproductions, but the actual art itself.
And if any of them ever show up in Utah, I'm going to, like, not hurt them."
For the most part, however, listening to lingerie designers ramble insipidly about the form, function, and sensuousness of undies makes one suspect that the special was conceived largely as an excuse to show shot after shot of scantily clad breast, buns, and crotches.
Then we are told that heinie is “spelled as if it were Yiddish,” which shows how much Thorne knows about German spelling and pronunciation; the variant hinie is not shown (the word is, after all, a diminutive of behind: the heinie spelling probably cropped up during WWI in confusion with the similarly pronounced Heinie , a synonym for Bosch or Kraut , short for Hein-rich ). At Hicksville it might have been fun to mention that it is a placename in New York (Nassau County) and in several other states.
Each structural class shows different patterns of interaction with amino acids in this region of the receptor.
Cys→Ser mutation at position 280 in the p51 subunit has been shown to alter the RNase H activity of the heterodimeric enzyme, indicating that this residue in the thumb subdomain of p51 plays an important role in support of the RNase H activity of p66 [ 22 ] . The emergence of a strain of HIV-1 resistant to the non-nucleoside RT inhibitor TSAO (Tertbutyldimethyl silyspiro amino oxathioledioside) displaying Glu→Lys mutation at position 138 in the p51 subunit of HIV-1 RT has also been reported [ 23 ] , thus implicating p51 to play a more direct role in drug binding and/or the enzymatic activities of HIV-1RT.
It has also been observed across multiple experiments examined in our laboratory (data not shown).
The adhesion of SMCs to fibronectin is mediated through β1 integrins [ 1 26 ] . We confirmed these previous findings for our RASMCs, by showing a complete block of cell attachment to fibronectin by EDTA (an agent that blocks all integrins), anti-β1 blocking mAb, and RGD peptide, but not by the negative control RAD peptide (Fig.
Thus, although both rat and mouse studies show that anesthesia decreases IOP, the studies do not agree on the timing of the effect.
The cumulative data show that individual ZAS domains bind a κB-like consensus sequence, GGGN (4-5) CC [ 25 ] . However, mouse KRC, αACRYBP1 and mouse MIBP1 have also been shown to bind distinct DNA sequences.
Negative results for DHBV RNAseH activity were also obtained when the RNAseH assay was performed at NaCl concentrations ranging from 50-150 mM, although the E. coli RNAseH was active in all these conditions (data not shown).
We have previously demonstrated that S. aureus induces TRAIL expression in normal human and mouse osteoblasts [ 41 ] . Messenger RNA encoding TRAIL is rapidly and dramatically up-regulated following exposure of osteoblasts to S. aureus . TRAIL mRNA expression is absent in uninfected cultures and shows a dose-dependent response to S. aureus . In contrast to the inducible nature of TRAIL mRNA, the messages encoding death-domain-containing TRAIL receptors are constitutively expressed in human and mouse osteoblasts [ 41 ] . Additionally, TRAIL protein is expressed and secreted following infection of osteoblasts with S. aureus . In contrast, uninfected osteoblasts do not express significant amounts of TRAIL protein.
As shown in Table 2, strains containing an intact HNT2 gene were never observed to have calculated intracellular ApppN levels above 3 μM and typically were found to have ApppN levels below 1 μM.
This is based on aggregation assays showing different time courses, additive dose response relationships, and differential co-localization of the dystrophin complex, and on biochemical observations indicating the lack of requirement for MuSK, and the lack of tyrosine-phosphorylation of receptors during LN1 but not agrin induced aggregation [ 1 2 4 ] . The very minimal receptor aggregation seen in agrin deficient mice certainly argues that laminins are not sufficient to trigger receptor aggregation [ 5 ] . More recently we have shown that agrin and LN1 induced aggregates can also be differentiated on the basis of the ultrastructural arrangement of receptors within aggregates [ 6 ] .
As in newborn animals, efferent fibers closely follow the pattern of innervation displayed by afferents (data not shown).
In this respect, it should be noted that this agent has been shown to exert some biological effects that are independent of PPARγ activation [ 44 45 46 ] .
These experiments show that low-volume jet injection specifically targeted delivery of a DNA solution to the skin and that the injection paths did not reach into the underlying tissue.
A fifth test probe showed hybridization signal intensity below the negative control threshold in both the control and modified ATP samples, suggesting either an absence of the transcript from the target sample or abundance too low to quantify (data not shown).
It should be noted that polony amplification of genomic DNA from strains with equal p53 and K- ras 2 copy numbers, such as CAPAN-1, yielded equivalent numbers of p53 and K- RAS 2 polonies (data not shown).
Panel E shows positive binding (dark) of the NCL-MHCs antibody against the slow MHC (type I), and panel F shows positive binding (dark) of the A4.
Table 5also shows that even though some of the individual functions perform well, the combination of all the functions applied in a hierarchical manner performs the best.
Deep pockets on a protein surface make ideal sites for the binding of small molecule inhibitors because the surface area available for binding can be maximized [ 22 ] . Figure 3shows the interacting surfaces of the SAM domain in the polymer.
We have observed that the number of β-cells varies considerably in the islets from type 2 diabetic subjects and that large areas of the islets are sometimes replaced by amorphous material (data not shown), probably reflecting fibrosis or amyloidosis.
Figure 9shows another test of this deconvolution method using "noisy" venous concentration data.
BMP-6 mRNA showed relatively high expression in the OSE throughout the cycle, suggesting a general, non-regulated role for BMP-6 in the OSE and/or adjacent tissues (Fig.
The present data showed that CCR5 expression correlated with IFN-γ but not with LT-α expression by synovial CD4 +memory T cells.
Blocking the effect of RANTES has, however, also been shown to be effective in ameliorating collagen-induced arthritis in DAB/1 mice and adjuvant-induced arthritis in rats [ 24, 25].
Mice in the saline-treated group progressively lost weight, whereas mice in the anti-TNF-α group showed a significant weight gain throughout the study (see Supplementary Fig.
Figure 4shows sections from a tumor sample that had relatively high levels of β-tubulin class III levels by ELISA (Fig.
The graphic representation of the relationship between right ventricular end diastolic volume and right ventricular end diastolic pressure shows the upward and left side movement of this ratio in the patients of group A, and shows the upward and right side movement in the patients of group B (Fig.
The results from a recent trial of low-dose dopamine in critically ill patients, who had systemic inflammatory response syndrome and were at risk for renal failure, did not show benefit in renal protection and survival from the treatment [ 34 ] . However, a very recent trial of early goal-directed therapy in treatment of sepsis did demonstrate substantial improvement in outcome [ 30 ] .
As in vivo studies of L1 insertions have shown that the average length of TSDs is approximately 14 nucleotides, our scoring function reflected this by giving a higher weight to exact matches of lengths 11-20 nucleotides.
While the present study focused on QTL gene-coding region comparisons because of their potential functional importance [ 5], it should be pointed out that gene-regulatory regions, which are also of considerable functional importance and have been shown to underlie some QTLs [ 34, 35], can be studied in the same way.
Additional data files containing the following supplementary tables are available with the online version of this paper: Supplementary table 1, showing alignment positions of the most 5' ESTs of the 1,941 selected EST clusters, for Release 2and the realignment to Release 3; Supplementary table 2, listing the weight matrixes for the 10 motifs shown in Table 2; Supplementary table 3, listing the most frequent GO terms associated with each of the 10 motifs shown in Table 2; and Supplementary table 4with the raw data for the positional distribution of motif hits (Figure 1).
Lack of normalization in the HIV experiment showed less significant p -values over all genes.
Organizations that do this have shown an ability to anticipate future challenges and to make
Analysis of worldwide drug expenditure shows that spending varies, but is close to 1% of the gross domestic product (GDP) in most developed and developing countries (Love 2003b).
A second study showed that plant RNA viruses could be both initiators and targets of PTGS.
Feldman presented subjects with all possible categories (of a fixed number of exemplars) in different universes and showed that the critical parameter to rank the difficulty of a given subset was its Kolmogrov complexity.
The early results of this trial were previously reported, showing that five of eight patients were able to achieve a plasma viral load of 500 copies/ml or less at a median of 6 mo off therapy [6].
Wearing a towel and bath-clogs, you will be shown to the steamy marble washroom, where buckets of hot water will be poured over you before an attendant sets to work with a coarse glove, removing dirt and dead skin and leaving you pink and glowing.
In the right transept, the Cimabue’s famous portrait of St. Francis, believed to be a close physical resemblance, shows him to the right of the enthroned Madonna.
El Greco shows St. Augustine and St. Stephen, in splendid ecclesiastical garb, lifting the count’s body.
New babies are proudly shown to the world in the evening volta or stroll, when neighbors come to “bill and coo.”
that they don't show local
they'll have to bring somebody with them and they will show that they completed um four years of high school yet when it comes to even answering the questions on a simple application
i'm thinking walk in and say look i did do drugs you know a year ago and i'm off them for a year now and this and that and so if you take if i take i'll be happy to take the test but it will show up positive of course i think
some of the TV shows i like to watch are um mostly evening evening shows and uh like for instance the one i'm looking forward to to tonight is Twenty Twenty
