A source knowledgeable about the Reform Party tells me that media consultant Bill Hillsman, who made Ventura's clever TV spots in 1998, is meeting with Beatty this week on the West Coast.
She lost her daughter in a custody battle with an evil, power-mad husband (her own fault, of course--she tried to tell the girl what to say in court).
And she does, too, just not in her introduction, a disconnected series of meditations on what a collection of photographs of women might tell us in this day and age.
A Network Solutions manager tells the Times that the company employee who dropped the ball "is being dealt with very appropriately."
They are, as Buddhist scholar Robert Thurman (father of Uma) told the New York Times , "the baby seals of the human rights movement."
One FEMA inspector told GAO that some survey-damage reports after the Northridge quake included work that had been specifically rejected after the Loma Prieta quake five years earlier.
Could this possibly be the same Jessica Mathews who had debated me on Charlie Rose last year, scowling as she told viewers environmental optimism was an appalling notion?
"My main vulnerability, Dave Kendall tells me, is arranging for that half million in hush money to Web Hubbell."
For the author of Experience and Nature and A Common Faith, the smartest way to educate people was to give them the information and skills necessary to solve their problems--not to point them to an authority who'd tell them what to think or solve their problems for them.
Then you are told to allow between three and seven days for delivery after your book leaves Amazon's warehouse.
Locked in the Cabinet , Robert Reich's new memoir of his years as labor secretary in the Clinton administration, is an engaging policy memoir: insightful, often witty and, what's most unusual for wonk kiss and tells, easy to read, partly because it's told in long stretches of well-written dialogue that add up to scores of novelistic scenes of Washington at work.
According to Lewinsky's account to Starr, after Jones' lawyers issued a subpoena demanding Lewinsky surrender any gifts the President gave her, she discussed this with Clinton and he told her if she didn't have the gifts, she wouldn't have to turn them over.
Isn't this a rather telling demonstration of Congress' priorities?
"They haven't bought me," he told a fellow studio executive.
Primary Colors has already got rave reviews, and audiences could conceivably respond to it, too: They've been living with the Clinton saga for six years, and many people are legitimately hungering to see it dramatized--and to be told what to think about it all.
The turtle lives in the mud but is not mud-like, you can tell it by his eyeswhich are clear.
People who lose a lot of weight tell similar stories.
For instance, "Hillary was told to sit quietly, close her eyes and imagine that her and Bill's positions were reversed."
Back to Clinton in China: The president, reports the NYT , visited a housing development illustrating the very recent Chinese phenomenon of privately owned residences, and told families there that home ownership is an investment in society, the bedrock of middle-class life.
Had he actually checked the facts, he would know the critics have not "solved the Bible code puzzle"--they told a lie.
Meanwhile Lola Falana, now a devoted Christian who spends much of her time at a Carmelite monastery in Las Vegas, tells the Globe she's been celibate for years.
A bookseller in Charing Cross Road told me that he was amazed that such a dry book sold so well, especially in wartime.
Readers are there told that Howard represents “transferred use of the surname of an English noble family.”
But Americans have also been told to expect the worst: An attack is probably coming; it may be terrible.
An NSC staffer working for Richard Clarke told us the threat was seen as one that could cause hundreds of casualties, not thousands.
Hawsawi contacted KSM, who told him to help Kahtani return to Pakistan.
The case studies told, too, of the development of the program over time and helped give a realistic sense of problems in start-up and implementation, how changes in staffing were accommodated, and the impact of shifting federal guidance on efforts to carry out the program in the field.
“The only way to tell this was to stop medications and see if the immune response could control the virus.”
The Gospel of Luke reports that Jesus stopped along the way to Golgotha and told the women who were following him that they should weep for themselves and their children rather than for him (Luke 23:28).
Did you tell parents that?
Umm, go ahead and tell me about a story.
And she said, "He just kept talking to us and just telling us what a good movie was playing and all this type thing.
And uh, Adlai Stevenson, which was United Nation's, uh, uh, Ambassador to US, US, he sit and told Androv Gromikov, of Russia, that he would sit there until hell froze over, unless he had admitted to having the missiles installed in Cuba; offensive missiles headed for the United States, targeted for the United States.
He told me stories about when he was in the war he flew a fighter jet, and he, well when I was young he never really got much into the details, being as I was little kid, but he would tell me, um, about the buddies he met, um, during the war and some of the turmoil and stress it caused him and, um, my family on my dad's side, as, I guess you can tell now, is obviously a lot closer than on my mom's side, ah, because my grandparents on my dad's side, well his parents had more kids than my mom's parents did and, and also my mom's, ah, parents died when I was too young really to remember anything they would have said.
You tell it!
Yeah, um, I'm sure he was an accident, um, and you can tell by his name.
well that's right because uh one day it'll be eighty and the next day it'll be about thirty below i tell you what and uh
yeah i i know this guy that's a car mechanic and he told me i told him my belts are slipping a little bit and he said they'll last forever all you got to do is just tighten them
but and it you can't tell you can't tell the difference you know it just looks like a brand new bumper
well it uh tells you what colors really are best on you
and then and i don't know how Americans are about handguns but uh yesterday a lady i work with just told me today that uh in the state capitol here in Austin Texas
went through everything i told them to put in a shot of Freon and they said yeah it needs a shot of Freon but then he came back and he said well the reason you're losing the Freon is because you have a leak in this condenser line and when i and that's a hundred and fifty dollars to fix that and then while we're in there we have to change this this and this and you know and
um-hum well i'll tell you what if
right that the same for the HMO and and because the doctors work for the HMO the people i work with are telling me you know HMO's are great if you're generally healthy
so we just you know had to check with the ranger and tell him where we was going we had a map and all
and uh i'll tell you that gives you a different perspective of uh you know some of the things we have here in this country that uh people really uh don't appreciate
um it can be fiction about people i like books that are about people that have historical you know that tell you something about the history at the same time you know or a certain area so
there's some really good food that comes out of there i'll tell you
right uh but well our cat died two years ago and she was eighteen years old well i am telling you this because you have cats
that that agrees with what most women tell me is that they dress to please themselves and you know who cares what these other people think
