Only one thing made me a little suspicious when cranking up the system: in the descriptive text that appears on the screen, the word labeled is spelt “labelled”—decidedly un-American.
uh suspicious
Women who did not speak English, women who reported a history of breast cancer or augmentation surgery, and women with suspicious lesions on the mammograms were excluded from the study, but women taking oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy were eligible to participate.
I took in as we met him that he appeared neither suspicious nor blank; he simply stood there, as he stood always everywhere, for the principal feature of the scene.
On January 14, the head of the CIA's al Qaeda unit again updated his bosses, telling them that officials were continuing to track the suspicious individuals who had now dispersed to various countries.
The shogunate, always suspicious of people on the move, maintained a system of garrisons along the road, and no one went through without an official pass.
Locals are said to be increasingly suspicious of the refusal of the girl's parents to be interviewed separately by police.
Such techniques, often referred to as "social engineering," exploit users' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful, instead of guarded, careful, and suspicious, when information is requested.
It also meant that there was a link between Khallad and Mihdhar, making Mihdhar seem even more suspicious.
President Clinton's 2001 budget will seek $10 million for the FDA to hire staff and buy technology that will pick out suspicious online prescription drug sellers.
The less restricted definition is the probability of a suspicious mammogram warranting additional diagnostic follow-up of any type in women without cancer.
Kurtz quotes Journal editorial writer John Fund's reaction: "A lot of the Republicans have grown up with this liberal media culture and are suspicious of journalists, so they have an exaggerated expectation of the few allies they have.
Therefore the warning system was not looking for information such as the July 2001 FBI report of potential terrorist interest in various kinds of aircraft training in Arizona, or the August 2001 arrest of Zacarias Moussaoui because of his suspicious behavior in a Minnesota flight school.
Claiming to have been suspicious of the entire transaction, the administrator distanced himself from Hazmi and Mihdhar, but not before they had received the assistance they needed.
The operative likely intended to round out the team for this flight, Mohamed al Kahtani, had been refused entry by a suspicious immigration inspector at Florida's Orlando International Airport in August.
The Phoenix FBI office remains suspicious of Abdullah and Hazmi and their association with Hanjour.
It is not surprising or intrinsically suspicious then, that Currie, who has a reputation for looking out for White House interns with whom she has no personal connection, would have been helpful and friendly to Monica.
Listed here, it all seems transparently bogus or at least deeply suspicious.
The anachronistic colloquial expressions ("bedding down," "a little snow," "shit, man"), the insertion of gratuitous detail ("his TR-6 convertible sports car," "one point four-five million dollars"), and the utterly non-conversational tone ("raised almost a staggering sixty million dollars") all make me suspicious.
Both cranio-caudal views of the mammogram were obtained from the mammography clinics after the radiologic evaluation had been completed and any malignancy or suspicious lesions ruled out.
If the final plan involves significant, unspecified cuts in real discretionary spending--and if most of those cuts occur in 2001 and 2002, when Bill Clinton will be a man of leisure--we should all be suspicious.
FBI letterhead memorandum, Zacarias Moussaoui, Aug. 21, 2001; CIA cable, subjects involved in suspicious 747 flight training, Aug. 24, 2001; CIA cable, "Zacarias Moussaoui and Husayn 'Ali Hasan Ali-Attas,"Aug.
These investigators have found that the apparently suspicious consistently proved innocuous.
Republican senators called Reno's decision "suspicious," but, cheered on by the Washington Post , vowed to get at the facts through congressional hearings.
I first got suspicious about Furbys when I read their online instructions, which sounded like an excerpt from a pornographic version of G.B.
He did so because one of the brothers did not have photo identification nor could he understand English, and because the agent found both of the passengers to be suspicious.
But does anyone else find it suspicious that on what will undoubtedly be one of the most important political days of their lives, so many of them were unreachable?
What are the consequences of finding a suspicious indicator, and who will take action?
Graders became suspicious that students were sharing answers via e-mail and using the World Wide Web to search for information when they noticed similarities in the students' work--some to the point of being identical.
Religious leaders, especially conservative Christians, have long been suspicious of environmentalism, seeing links between its exaltation of nature and pagan traditions.
None of the checkpoint supervisors recalled the hijackers or reported anything suspicious regarding their screening.
Going national had its own good reasons, but were Jews being overly suspicious in thinking that one reason, which they did not think was so good, was to recruit from areas in which fewer Jews lived?
Hard-liners, suspicious of U.S. ideological influence, asserted themselves in March 1996, when missile tests in the Straits of Taiwan were timed to intimidate Taiwan's politicians and electorate as the country held its first direct elections to the presidency.
Hillary Clinton has reportedly long been "suspicious" about her husband's "fixation" on Franklin and once had to elbow him in the stomach "to get him to stop staring at her unbelievable cleavage" during a White House concert.

King George III and his ministers were actually just blundering their way through the tricky business of running a trans-Atlantic empire, but suspicious Americans viewed each restriction of their rights--the Stamp Act, the Tea Act, and so on--as part of a scheme to reduce them to slavery.
He "welcomes" the peace agreement but says "America should be suspicious" of it.
Many readers find it suspicious that Michael Lewis has stopped filing dispatches from the Microsoft antitrust trial, and they do not accept our explanation that he got bored, found the hard wooden seats nightmarishly uncomfortable (especially combined with the judge's power-mad restrictions on leaving to go to the bathroom), felt he had said most of what he wanted to say, has a pressing book deadline, and so on.
A neighbor might call the police to report the suspicious visitors.
Brandon's acquaintances become suspicious of his gender, and John and Tom become hostile toward him.
(It's a little suspicious if it does and nobody mentioned them.)
Locals are said to be increasingly suspicious of the refusal of the girl's parents to be interviewed separately by police.
In particular, he was suspicious of language reformers who wished to revive or fabricate Anglo-Saxon synonyms for Latinate words.
The numbers certainly make the Noe deaths suspicious.
The piece finds the Supreme Court justice bitter at his lot and deeply suspicious of the white world.
Western investigators have been on the lookout for suspicious Russian economic activity since the August 1998 ruble crash sent money flying out of the country even more furiously than usual.
The Los Angeles Times goes with the federal indictment of eight California corrections officials suspected of conspiracy and cover-up in connection with various improprieties concerning inmates, including a suspicious death.
Its mockumentary premise: Three young filmmakers disappear while trekking through the woods of Maryland in search of a local witch; a year later, their footage is found and presented as The Blair Witch Project . The trio get increasingly suspicious of each other as they hear eerie sounds in the night and find mysterious bundles of sticks hanging from trees, and by the end they're running for their lives.
He is a self-described "Neo-Wilsonian" who is skeptical of liberalism, hostile to the United Nations, and suspicious of empire.
For instance, a prayer being said after the plane began plummeting so fast that passengers were rendered weightless would not be suspicious.
