The Daily Telegraph reported fears by senior officers that the new code of conduct would damage recruitment and lead to a flood of courts-martial, with service personnel being punished for what in civilian life is perfectly acceptable behavior.
During World War II, the church was turned into a club for Japanese officers; it was restored after the war.
you know like police officers firemen doctors anybody who has you know who's important whose decisions are important and you know that's
wonder what those California officers do when they have those you know twenty and thirty car pileups on the highway if it'd take a officers uh you know whole army of officers just to do the paperwork
law enforcement officers have to go through through random random tests just to see i guess like what side of the law they are they're on
Audits conducted under the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, as expanded by the Government Management Reform Act of 1994, also have specific audit requirements prescribed by OMB in the areas of compliance and internal control.
For, not only are convicts or screws prison officers the only people to use them, they are likely to be the only people to know them.
In an effort to significantly upgrade the expertise of information security officers in its various business units, the central group at the financial services corporation had recently arranged for an outside firm to provide 5 weeks of training for these individuals.
Determine the authority and experience level of theContracting Officer's Technical Representative.
In fact, policemen always speak of their ground : an officer might ask his pal, Do you know a pub called the Rhinoceros? and his friend will reply, Of course I do: it's on my ground.
The presidential smoking ban would, says the WP , "set a standard policy across the government and extend existing prohibitions to places currently exempt, such as military officers' clubs."
Hackworth wrote in Newsweek , "It is simply unthinkable an experienced officer would wear decorations he is not entitled to, awards that others bled for.
Julia Carroll Chief Financial Officer Naperville, Illinois
The program is the Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps.
For example, GAO relies on the work of the IGs and other auditors to meet the requirements of the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act for audited financial statements.
Under traditional payment processes, certifying officers reviewed all invoices they authorized for payment.
Officers had portable radios with 20 or more available channels, so that the user could respond outside his or her precinct.
We provided an opportunity for 28 federal departments, agencies, and entities (subsequently referred to as agencies), including all of the agencies with presidentially appointed chief financial officers and the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency, to comment on a draft of the protocols.
Russia makes no serious effort to train them, because it doesn't have qualified noncommissioned officers, and its officers can't control the conscripts.
In the interest of cross-fertilization, all senior FBI managers, including those working on law enforcement matters, should be certified intelligence officers.
The WP has a senior U.S. officer suggesting a more prosaic explanation: "I think what he's trying to do is shoot down one of our airplanes."
For officers responding on their own initiative, see PAPD interview 8, JFK Command (Mar.
These laws emphasize involving senior executives in information management decisions, appointing senior-level chief information officers, and using performance measures to assess the contribution of technology in achieving mission results.
-- Senior information security officer for a major university
I was commanding officer of the largest squadron in the United States Navy.
One senior security officer noted, "Sharing information and solutions is important.
Cheryl also claimed that among the men were a St Michael landlord, a uniformed policeman and others who she believed were undressed police officers carrying guns.
They thus might give Pakistan greater security on one of the several borders where Pakistani military officers hoped for what they called "strategic depth."
Standard theories about German officers and their disillusionment with the regime seem inadequate.
Also, the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 calls for financial management systems to comply with internal control standards, and the Federal Financial Management Improvement Act of 1996 identifies internal control as an integral part of improving financial management systems.
(For example, after the Rodney King verdict and ensuing riots in 1992, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals concluded that the San Francisco Police Department had acted improperly in ordering officers to disband all future protests.)
For the PAPD Chief 's and officers' ascent, see PANYNJ statement 1, Feb. 1, 2002.
Agency information includes Inspector General reports, Federal Managers' Financial Integrity Act reports, Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) plans and reports, Clinger-Cohen Act reports, and Chief Information Officer reports.
The field officer passed these instructions to the tribals word for word.
Specifically, we recommended that OMB promote the federal Chief Information Officers Council's adoption of information security as one of its top priorities and encourage the council to develop a strategic plan for increasing awareness of the importance of information security, especially among senior agency executives, and improving information security program management
So an off-duty officer stopped in a speed trap will try to escape by murmuring to the traffic officer, I'm in the job, mate, or perhaps just I'm job.
Thus, when the trail went cold after the Kuala Lumpur meeting in January 2000, the desk officer moved on to different things.
NYPD helicopters and ESU officers remained on the scene throughout the morning, prepared to commence rescue operations on the roof if conditions improved.
This officer, who was especially knowledgeable about Afghanistan, had noticed a recent stream of reports about Bin Ladin and something called al Qaeda, and suggested to Cohen that the station focus on this one individual.
The Pakistani man accused of mowing down two CIA officers at CIA headquarters in 1993 has been turned in by anonymous Afghans, after the United States offered a $2 million bounty for him.
To frame the question less contentiously: Did the scattered theologians, bureaucrats, army officers, and (in one case) ordinary housewives who defied Hitler act more as isolated individuals than as a concerted movement?
"Most of the people who walk into the office have something wrong with them," said Petty Officer Benny Granillo, a Navy recruiter.
Perhaps the terrorists stabbed the flight attendants to get a cockpit key, to force one of them to open the cockpit door, or to lure the captain or first officer out of the cockpit.
However, we emphasized that employees responsible for maintaining the documents must be familiar with the retention and storage requirements set forth in Title 8, "Records Management," of the GAO Policyand ProceduresManualand that they might be requested to forward the documents for review by the certifying officer or auditors.
While training for a career as an officer in the late 1920s, he displayed fashionable contempt for the Weimar Republic.
But a senior Joint Staff officer described the plan as "generally, not too much different than we might have come up with ourselves."
Neighborhood delis ran out of flowers, and NYPD officers were telling onlookers to "say a prayer and move it along, please."
His business aides received word that a Sudanese military officer who had been a member of the previous government cabinet was offering to sell weapons-grade uranium.
An investigation by a special counsel resulted in the indictment of McFarlane, Poindexter, North, and ten others, including several high-ranking officers from the CIA's Clandestine Service.
Then, Chief Technology Officer Nathan Myhrvold will give a demonstration of Microsoft Air Bag TM , experimental software to protect users from physical harm when their computers crash.
