7 In the postbellum institutional shakeup, however, the Court would become more aggressive in exercising its power to overrule decisions by other agencies of government.
The vendors are experts, language presents no barrier to negotiations, and buyers should exercise patience and caution.
There were no significant differences in the VEGF mRNA levels between exercised and electrically stimulated muscles.
The House honchos are exercised over CBO's longstanding overstatement of the budget deficit and its recent understatement of the budget surplus.
They have rights to exercise agency in their own lives and to participate as members of their communities and societies, and these rights trump other concerns such as general attitudes toward risk containment in society [9].
you do exercise
If receiving water is to be used as the dilution water, caution must be exercised in exposing the test organisms to it, because of the possibility that it might be toxic.
On the one hand, there exists a certain urgency to move rapidly in order to remedy known problems relating to intelligence and information sharing and leveraging like activities that have in the past and even today prevent the United States from exercising as strong a homeland defense as
from his earlier appeal to Israel not to retaliate in the event of an Iraqi attack" by saying that " 'Israel obviously has the right of self-defense and will exercise that right as they see fit.
if i exercised i'd be too thin
The present editor, Professor of English at the University of Texas at Austin, has exercised restraint in meddling with Baugh's original text, having focused mainly on those areas--dialect, modern grammatical theory, and, generally, the work of later scholars--that could not have been treated in 1935.
Agencies delegated authorities and empowered front-line employees to exercise responsibilities to more fully address customer needs.
course i've always uh i've always been in fairly good condition but and i do exercise uh lately i've been off of it because i've had shoulder problems but uh
While the state boards of accountancy have the ability to impose much stiffer sanctions, including revoking a CPA's license to practice in a state, these boards have not exercised this sanction very frequently.
i guess that's about all i can say about exercising
However, when these same subjects begin to exercise, increasing the ventilatory rate by a factor of 2.5, the arterial and end tidal gas concentrations become approximately equal [ 67 ] . Presumably, at the higher rates of ventilation, there is relatively less time for exchange with the airways, and the artifact decreases.
She is so weak from dieting and compulsive exercising that the show's producers have cut back on her screen time, says the publication.
In 1996, a new law enabled the INS to enter into agreements with state and local law enforcement agencies through which the INS provided training and the local agencies exercised immigration enforcement authority.
3 percent of its shareholders exercised their rights.
Martin" (as Biskind calls him) did not see directing as a route to world domination but as a priestly avocation, a set of spiritual exercises embedded in technical problems.
um well i try to um i started at the beginning of this year i decided all right i'm going to start exercising again i'm going to be real good and i went through the TI fitness center and registered for the uh aerobics classes there
well see that's that's that's really good and i think that keeps a lot some people from exercising
Program Letter 1998-6 stated that the State Planning Initiative will provide information to aid LSC in exercising its statutory responsibility to "insure that grants and contracts are made so as to provide the most economical and effective delivery of legal assistance to persons in both urban and rural areas."
The power of a private army will, for the first time, be exercised through out institutions."
His case against feminist Holocaust studies can be reduced to three main objections: 1) Alter's argument, made with less subtlety; 2) a somewhat crankish concern that the "object of such exercises" as feminist Holocaust scholarship is "to sever Jewish women, in their own minds, from their families as well as from the larger Jewish community"; and 3) the sense that such treatment violates taste, decorum, and "human decency."
As a result, those who exercise regularly have a more favourable lipid profile than those who do not exercise.
um it's finding the time for me to exercise is another thing but i really do like to do it
A second purpose of the OEM was to improve New York City's response to major incidents, including terrorist attacks, by planning and conducting exercises and drills that would involve multiple city agencies, particularly the NYPD and FDNY.
yeah at least its something that you enjoy and i know a lot of people that talk about exercise and say well i don't want to exercise it's too much work but there a lot of different things you can do that that
yeah well thank you it's it's fun it gives me more motive to to exercise as well
They say they are just exercising their right to teach their version of events.
Clergy and other religious leaders are as susceptible as any to the temptation to exercise power over others.
The LAT and NYT emphasize Clinton's announcement that the budget deficit for this fiscal year will be a 23-year low of $37 billion, while USAT chooses to stress his comment that he expects to exercise the line-item veto (a presidential first) on the budget and tax bills he just signed.
Clinton deserves sympathy and compassion, not vitriol, because he exercises no control over his compulsive sexual behavior.
and so she just went to one you know for the little time for it to exercise and thing
At FAA's Aeronautical Center, some employees with contracting responsibilities were initially uncomfortable exercising newly delegated procurement authority to purchase goods or services up to a certain dollar amount without supervisory approval.
Perhaps now that the Clintons have managed to get the tables turned by using the very press that acted like piranhas in getting the story and displaying it on our TV screens for months and even hours, Starr should exercise some of the Bill Clinton "dumb" defense and reply to the questions proposed by Brill with the wisdom of "It depends on how you define 'leak' "?
or you know it it it's always trade-offs and you actually have to as you get older you have to re ally think what can go and what to to to replace this thing it's i mean not just exercise but anything it's
On the other hand, substantial increases in HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A1 concentrations were observed in women who exercised even at medium levels.
you know you really need to exercise because it does a lot for your body other than maintain your wealthy your weight
where you don't exercise
um-hum yeah i used to do a little bit of jumping rope and uh when i was uh a while back i was more into basketball and uh i used to do a lot of jump rope and other jumping exercises to try to build my calves
or something like that so i'm not exercising at the time at the moment so i wish i could i wish i did have the motivation to get out and do that but
um what did you do when you exercised when you did exercise regularly
it sure is it sure is it sure is how about you do you exercise on a regular basis
it's amazing how much better i feel and then just in general i sleep a lot better and i just feel much better i mean i've been kind of dragging the last few weeks and i know if i would just get around to exercising
and i've talked to a lot of ladies that exercise with one pregnancy and didn't with the other and they said that they'd exercise the one that had exercised was three or four times easier and
and then with my wife i actually go to the gym and lift weights which isn't i understand quite exercising but it's along the lines
yeah you're probably drained and probably exercising probably wouldn't help
yeah that's true plus even if you lose weight and don't exercise it ends up just looking you know looking unhealthy
