And this gets into a semantical exercise to some degree but one that is important, I understand, to the reporters.
Several studies, including the present, demonstrate that exercise raises HDL-cholesterol in the blood.
In our data, we found that the odds ratio of high levels of self-reported exercise (>7 h/wk), based on a single survey question, decreased with increased sleep time, but controlling for this variable also did not change our findings (analyses not shown).
Listed reasons (and number of patients) for missing exercise time data at 24 weeks were: 'exercise test not done due to death' (n = 30), 'exercise testing contraindicated' (n = 9), and 'exercise test not done for other reasons' (n = 10).
For the patient, treatment is expensive and difficult, requiring strict attention to blood glucose monitoring, insulin dosing, diet, and exercise.
It’s popular with locals, including students seeking a quiet bench for reading and citizens performing their morning tai chi exercises.
it's like an exercise bike or something like that although i haven't purchased one purchased one yet sometimes i do i have this little trampoline
Most international hotels maintain full-service fitness centers with exercise machines, saunas, indoor swimming pools, and other facilities such as tennis courts, with day rates for non-guests.
one of the reasons i run uh probably the biggest reason either run or play racquetball i mean either of them is um because if i don't get exercise i don't i don't sleep well and i just don't feel as good i just feel kind of yucky
The exercise of professional judgment allows the auditor to obtain reasonable assurance that material misstatements or significant inaccuracies in data will be detected if they exist.
A bicycle is no longer just a bike; it may now be a ten-speed bike, a mountain bike (now tagged as an ATB , or `allterrain bike'), or a stationary bike (also known as an exercise bike ). The backword in the offing, already used by many, is road bike , though it usually means a ten-speed, which is now used as a noun.
The patient is started on an exercise and weight loss program, sent for nutritional counseling, and scheduled for a return clinic appointment for three months later.
, endurance exercise training), loading state (e.g.
Could it be that I should be engaging in a more formal kind of exercise?
Subjects were classified as active if they reported participating in 40 minutes of moderate intensity exercise at least three times a week for the previous six months.
Much of our early understanding of the plasticity of skeletal muscle has been derived from studies undertaken by exercise physiologists (e.g.
There's the black Heathers category , the most recent exercise being the reportedly awful Jawbreaker . There's the self-referential horror category as manifest in the Scream movies.
You could read Jackson's ruling as essentially implying that Microsoft's monopoly over the PC operating system means that any expansion into other contiguous markets--and most computing markets can still be construed as in some way contiguous to the PC--is an unacceptable exercise of monopoly power, then what kind of business can Microsoft legally pursue?
William B. Ober's article, “Writing Maketh an Exact Man” [XVIII,2] was enjoyable not just--as in all his work--for its quirky insights and elegant style, but also--uncharacteristically--as an exercise in irony.
Notably, vocal cord dysfunction was diagnosed by laryngoscopy in 5 of the patients, while in the remaining patients it was diagnosed based on symptoms such as inspiratory stridor with exercise, and/or blunting of the inspiratory loop during pulmonary function testing.
The official China Daily invoked "legal experts" to justify the government's ban last week on the Falun Gong religious sect, which favors deep-breathing exercises.
It seemed that obese people's only option was a combination of starvation and exercise, while skinny people got to feast and watch television.
oh uh so what's what's your favorite exercise
With the exception of the exercise protocol, these rats were handled in an identical manner to the exercised rats.
okay i was watching the soap opera awards um and and it's it's really making me wanna exercise because every single woman in the audience is
"How to Live to 100" advises exercise, low-fat food, and perseverance.
Based on findings from questionnaires, patient interviews and testing, specific recommendations were made to some individuals regarding the following: recreational and occupational noise exposure; medications; diet; exercise; employment; socialization; acoustic therapy.
These general standards encompass the independence of the audit organization and its individual auditors; the exercise of professional judgment in the performance of work and the preparation of related reports; the competence of audit staff, including their continuing professional education; and the existence of quality control systems and external peer reviews.
These are obviously apprentice works, the equivalent of art-book sketches, practice-room exercises.
uh-huh what kind of exercise do you do
Robert Shrum's comparison of the "Harry and Louise" ad campaign with that being conducted by the Global Climate Information Project ("Harry and Louise Go to Kyoto") is no more than an interesting academic exercise and a cynical misrepresentation of both the facts of the global-climate debate and the membership of the National Association of Manufacturers.
those exercise bands now that are better that you can use for like toning instead of using a weight you have like bands i don't know if you've seen them they're
Entries mocking the soppy Harvard sentimentality of this exercise, or Chatterbox's low moral standing (as a cyberjournalist) to be fretting about this problem, are not welcome.
So next year, let's switch from the Gay Pride Parade to the Gay Pride Street Fair--good exercise, a cultural celebration, and a chance to buy inexpensive socks.
and that's that's by enlarge about the only form of exercise i get but when i go out and play i generally play for two or three hours at a time
yeah i i'm on uh a right now i'm on one of those jags where i i exercise at well i i run every night
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to assess treatment effect of pimobendan on exercise capacity in patients with chronic heart failure [ 3 ] . 'The primary pre-specified analysis of exercise time was limited to those patients who had at least the first follow up (four-week) exercise test carried out and had shown good compliance up to the day of the test.
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to assess treatment effect of pimobendan on exercise capacity in patients with chronic heart failure [ 3 ] . 'The primary pre-specified analysis of exercise time was limited to those patients who had at least the first follow up (four-week) exercise test carried out and had shown good compliance up to the day of the test.
Listed reasons (and number of patients) for missing exercise time data at 24 weeks were: 'exercise test not done due to death' (n = 30), 'exercise testing contraindicated' (n = 9), and 'exercise test not done for other reasons' (n = 10).
Hoffman, for all his straining after naturalistic verisimilitude, remained dependent on acting-class exercises, while Olivier, for all his years of training, had so deeply integrated technique into his being that, like a classical pianist, he could stop thinking about it the moment he began performing.
other exercise that i like to do so and you know i see i feel like i feel a lot better since i've uh started doing that seems to help me a lot
no problem at all and uh if you get one of these mats you know go to a store they normally have these exercise things these ABCs of physical fitness on them
Greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are modified in response to recurring bouts of exercise provides a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode, intensity, and amount of exercise required to produce specific health benefits (e.g.
Greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are modified in response to recurring bouts of exercise provides a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode, intensity, and amount of exercise required to produce specific health benefits (e.g.
exercise
um it seems to have so many other benefits you know besides just the exercise
well yeah if it's exercise it's a task i don't want to do anything i have to do
exercise is not supposed to do that to you
you do what type of exercise do you do
no we don't that's on our wish list one of these days but that's how we get our exercise is get out there with the mower and
