and i've been sort of disappointed how that they they say literacy rate has gone down you know
Many of these stores rent boots, outerwear, rain gear, and such at daily or weekly rates.
Interest rates have been pushed down almost as far as they can go.
Quantitatively, what this means is that if a 10% per year decline of mortality rates at all ages is achieved and sustained indefinitely, then the first 1000-year-old is probably only 5–10 years younger than the first 150-year-old.
Thus, it appears that the biosphere and the econosphere have endogenous mechanisms that gate the exploration of the adjacent possible such that, on average, such explorations do successfully find new ways of making a living, new natural and business games, at a rate that can be selected by natural selection, or its economic analogue of success or failure, at a rate that is sustainable.
you know give you these rates and make this agreement then uh you're you're not covered by that and and the added costs get passed on to you so uh i'm not i'm not sure it my uh
The amended rule will result in banks paying higher interest rates on IOTA accounts, which could yield an additional $15 million dollars in IOTA revenues.
uh line of credit at our credit union and uh used that as a when the interest rate dropped below what the cards were as a way of paying it off
An interesting diversion inland from here is to Rates, where you can add a dash of culture to the days spent on the beach by looking around the beautiful 11th-century Romanesque church.
And the rate of textile productivity over this period far outpaced that for the manufacturing sector as a whole.
Shows 7 and 10pm, no late show Sunday–Tuesday; dark Thursday; $38 or less (special rate for children 4–12).
Assume that the retailer wishes to provide a 95 percent order-fulfillment rate for this SKU, that the retailer checks inventory once per week, and that the manufacturer’s lead time to deliver replenishment units is overnight.
Puerto Vallarta’s mix of small-town charm and sophisticated services seems to captivate its visitors — it has the highest rate of return visitors of any beach resort in Mexico.
Strategic parents might spend a large portion of their tax cuts, causing interest rates to rise.
More generally, the binding of diusible factors, called “trans acting factors,” to cis sites, can tune graded rates of transcription of the nearby structural gene.
uh recently we've been hitting Pancho's up it's a local Mexican restaurant pretty heavily because they've got a good rate on the you know good prices and everything
Although none of these operations actually involves sewing, they do take time to complete and are taken into account when determining the piece rate and normal workload for an operation.
A positive saving rate means that American households in aggregate are saving.
well it is i know that i i heard another conversation regarding AIDS the fact that that you know cancer is not receiving this and yet is is cancer growing at such a rapid rate
As a result, between 1972 and 1992 the annual rate of new shopping-center construction outpaced the growth in population and potential consumers.
There was no evidence of a Marin County deficit in later-stage cancers, mortality rates remained stable despite distinct mortality declines observed in comparison regions, and disparate age-specific incidence trends were observed within the larger age group (aged 40+ years) targeted by screening programs [ 6 ] . In addition, mammography utilization data do not suggest substantially elevated rates of screening among Marin County women.
This means that all molecular constituents of the system are treated mathematically as if they were in a real well-stirred container to which the trimers and photons are added at a constant rate.
well i can't see why people if they shop around you can find uh you know thirteen fourteen percent rates without any problem i can't imagine why anyone would even think about paying nineteen you know because there's
Acceleration is independently definable by the metric concepts of distance, motion, time, the rate of change of position with time = velocity, and the rate change of velocity with time = acceleration.
TCI , the country's biggest cable-TV company, plans to raise its rates by 7 percent . This comes after TCI recently hiked its rates by 13 percent.
The dependent variables for the analyses of quality of clinical care were excess death rates from all causes and from 4 specific medical conditions that have relatively high death rates: acute myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure, pneumonia and stroke.
For example, one otherwise very well done study reported on the rates of tonsillectomy under classical homeopathic versus placebo treatment as a main outcome even though the reliability of clinical decisions for obtaining tonsillectomy are extremely poor, thus, making this comparison meaningless.
(In the short run, higher-income taxpayers may pay more taxes, not less, if a capgains rate cut leads them to sell more assets than they otherwise would have done.)
Not surprisingly, cutters were the highest paid workers receiving day rates.
This is illustrated in Table 7.1, which shows the average order-fulfillment rate for products with different levels of demand variability, assuming the same level of average demand is held for each SKU.
It advises Blair to appoint a strong Cabinet, slow economic growth with higher interest rates, and strike boldly on government reform, but worries that the new prime minister is more concerned with symbols than with policy.
you you know interest rate
whether wherever you have the dropout rate and crime and you know general poverty kind of conditions
uh at any rate um
For nonutility units, the term "actual 1985 emission rate" means the annual sulfur dioxide or nitrogen oxides emission rate in pounds per million Btu as reported in the NAPAP Emission Inventory, Version 2.
7. "The  Wall Street Journal  said that traders blamed Tuesday's stock-market volatility on 'a change in the composition of the Standard &amp; Poor's 500-stock index, shock at the soaring price of gold, rumors that some investment partnerships were madly selling stocks to cover losing bets against gold, end-of-month portfolio changes, anxiety over interest rates and worries about possible market troubles as the year 2000 approaches.'
You make everyone's life simpler, and you get lower rates by getting rid of loopholes and making the law neutral among different kinds of income; you promote economic efficiency.
um actually married in Pittsburgh and that's that's not what they want to hear on this call uh at any rate we came back here with my husband was transferred around uh up to Minnesota and now back to Texas with T i
at any rate we've really enjoyed camping vacations i think that that's probably the thing that we've uh done most each year probably four to seven times a year we'll take short short little vacations maybe three days maybe four days
i'm sure that we can say it helped the uh enemy rate of Kuwait um and uh sure it shook a people a few people up in Iraq but
working in a financial institution i just i'm really rate conscious i guess and can't see paying you know hardly or near that much twenty one percent gets pretty crazy
Indeed, burglary rates are down by almost half.
This is because the wealthy use loopholes to avoid their nominal rates.
Postal Service has been studied extensively and because U.S. postal costs are the most transparent in the industrialized world, we use U.S data from 1999 as provided in the most recent omnibus rate proceeding, Docket No.
Although some effect of indomethacin on cell growth rate was observed, there was no sign of macroscopic foci (data not shown).
He is also struck by what is left unexplained when size is accounted for: animals of the same size can still show more than an order of magnitude variation in metabolic rate.
The New Republic 's James Wood admires its "own nervous perfection," and Alfred Kazin, writing in the New York Review of Books , rates it a notch below Bellow's great works.
Delirium, a syndrome associated with long hospital stays and high rates of morbidity and mortality [ 10], is a sign of deterioration in the homeostasis and physical status of the patient [ 17].
Names of apples like cleopatra and democrat, of potatoes like bintje, black derwent, and kennebec, carry a Tasmanian stamp (in Australia at any rate), as does the mutton bird (the shearwater, Puffinus tenuirostris )—which has given Tasmanian English the verb mutton bird or in its abbreviated form bird, as well as lexical oddities like dizz (`cook a mutton bird') for those foolhardy enough to contemplate such a feat.
(The LAT front reports that the Los Angeles murder rate has dropped 27 percent from last year, resulting in a 28-year low.)
