  Meanwhile, planned communities burgeoning with groups of younger retirees will occupy Sirenia's  upscale Florida residential enclaves,  driving out future elders, who will be expected to work happily and harder at meeting raised expectations--- Old age is predicted to have more positive attributions-- such as maturity, competence, sophistication, confidence, self-reliance and power.
Fish size, gender, and age at maturity have a substantial impact on individual species' reproduction rates.
Sometimes this personal process of maturity or decay (take your pick) is reinforced by what's happening in the culture.
So why does the "Modern Maturity" spread leave me so uncomfortable?
that a kid that's just a question of maturity or is he problem child but teachers are asked to diagnose so much
A final comparison of B to CS microcosms (Table 2) is of interest because it represents a comparison of constant scaling, which encapsulates both horizontal and vertical scaling effects [ 3 ] . Here the major effect is in time to maturity and male biomass, with the smaller volume container producing larger males with shorter development times (Fig.
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity: revolving funds and trust revolving funds (592)
sure and that's all part of your of keeping your part of the relationship you know showing the maturity and responsibility to recognize those uh those issues
Statistical analysis consisted of two-way analyses of variance (ANOVA) on the mean male and female biomass and time to maturity from each microcosm, and logistic regression on proportion survival.
My position on all of these issues is to make sure we don't intervene until we see more maturity in the marketplace."
Sierra hasn't shown that kind of maturity yet
Initial findings are that oospores—the product of sexual recombination—are being produced, although most of them abort before they reach maturity.
uh because uh it because uh uh i don't know i think the maturity factor uh uh overcomes the fact that you've had a gap
The discount rate used for the calculation is the average interest rate (yield) on marketable Treasury securities of similar maturity to the loan guarantees, applicable to the time when the guaranteed loans are disbursed.
But like you, I doubt that a come-on as blatant as the new Modern Maturity cover would stir my subscription, membership, or vote.
yeah there is it's a lot out there we have Modern Maturity that was the worse mom and dad dad turned fifty so we got Modern Maturity
“All else being equal, we predict the earlier the age of maturity, the faster the rate of recovery,” he adds.
"MILLENNIUM MATURITY"--A panicky Y2K thing where a glitchy Jesus turns water into gasoline, and there's a horrible fire and widespread panic and, eventually, a lot of litigation.
--Debt securities may be retired prior to maturity if they have a call feature or if they are eligible for redemption by the holder on demand.
It is the interest rate applicable at the time of modification on marketable Treasury securities with a similar maturity to the remaining maturity of the direct or guaranteed loans, under either pre-modification terms, or post-modification terms, whichever is appropriate.
Kingsolver's latest is hailed as a step forward in maturity and scope.
FIXED VALUE SECURITIES - Securities that have a known maturity or redemption value at the time of issue.
an utter hoot" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). With a voice "like Truman Capote on Seconal" (Dave Kehr, Daily News ), Adam Sandler regresses from the borderline maturity of The Wedding Singer back to his trademark sweet, addled, violent character--this time in a formula sports-loser-turned-sports-hero flick aimed at the fraternity/junior-high-school crowd.
The discount rate used for the calculation is the average interest rate (yield) on marketable Treasury securities of similar maturity to the loan, applicable to the time when the loans are disbursed.
If these debt securities are retired before maturity, the difference, if any, between the reacquisition price and the net carrying value of the extinguished debt should be recognized as a gain or loss by the fund that owned the securities.
What I do know is that the story made for a fun read: A 35-year-old Londoner named Rob with the maturity level of a high-school junior dumps his girlfriend and retreats to his pathetic job in a music shop.
He had such a depth of understanding, a maturity of judgment and an uncanny ability to hone in on the real issues.
In addition, mosquitoes reached maturity quicker and males were larger in B/low litter microcosms than in CS/low litter microcosms (Figs.
She could not have known that messing around with the president meant losing the likelihood of economic independence when the day comes, as one hopes it will, when she finally achieves the emotional maturity to take care of herself.
In this study, we describe the morphogenesis of the mouse iridocorneal angle from prenatal stages to maturity.
) are signs of a long-deferred maturity.
The market price of a Treasury security falls when the current interest rate on Treasury securities of equal maturity rises.
There were significant differences between B (Base size - used in other experiments [ 16 ] ; see Materials &amp; Methods and Table 2) and CD (Constant Depth) microcosms for female biomass and male and female time to maturity, such that B microcosms, with more wall area per unit volume, had larger, earlier emerging mosquitoes (Figs.
Daily New York Times critic Michiko Kakutani says the book "is not a sleazy tell-all memoir" and is a "leap forward in maturity and emotional candor."
But perhaps history is on the Weinsteins' side: It took jerks like the old-time moguls to bring film to maturity.
We present a light and electron microscopic (EM) evaluation of iridocorneal angle development in staged embryos and through eight postnatal weeks, when the angle structures have reached full maturity.
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity: revolving funds and trust revolving funds.
The postnatal rats were weaned at 21 days of age, and they attained sexual maturity during the 6th week of life.
These changes focused primarily on (1) ensuring technologies are demonstrated to a high level of maturity before beginning a weapon system program and (2) taking an evolutionary, or phased, approach to developing new weapon systems.
RETIREMENT OF DEBT SECURITIES PRIOR TO MATURITY
Differences in growth rate may be apparent all the time or only during select stages such as germination or the formation of floral structures, and they may or may not result in a difference in height at maturity.
However, mosquitoes from CW microcosms were not significantly different from other mosquitoes in size or time to maturity.
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity: trust funds and special funds (except trust revolving funds).
In the case of Huntington disease the loss of 15-30% of the normal complement of medium spiny neurons leads to distinct movement disorder in both humans and transgenic mouse models [ 14 15 16 17 ] . The subset of genes that normally control the proliferation, differentiation, and survival of striatal neurons [ 18 19 20 ] are therefore of considerable importance in ensuring adaptive behavior at maturity.
According to the F-22 program office, design maturity and manufacturing problems caused a "rolling wave" effect throughout system integration and final assembly.
Each party receives and sacrifices something of value in buying and selling debt securities that may be retired prior to maturity.
05/# of ANOVAs performed = 0.05/4; [ 41 ] ). Time to maturity was log-transformed to approximate normality and reduce heteroscedasticity.
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity.
VARIABLE VALUE SECURITIES - Securities that have unknown redemption or maturity values at the time of issue.
They are conducted for the system, subsystems, and components to assess design maturity and technical risk.
