a Soviet and if part of you know south let's say South Dakota wanted to succeed you know succeed
In this small volume, the Charlesworths have succeeded on both fronts and provide an excellent account of the core issues for a broad range of readers.
Last year, their "law firm solicitation program" succeeded in obtaining a range of 57% to 100% contributing alumni -employed by participating firms.
But does RNAi have a better chance to succeed as a drug than antisense or ribozymes?
    and nearly succeeded.
He was succeeded as governor of California by Jerry Brown, known to many as “Governor Moonbeam.”
As Milosevic's resistance continued, alarm grew in the Western press over the apparent lack of clear war aims and the growing fear that NATO will not succeed in restoring peace to Yugoslavia without committing ground troops.
Store buyers succeeded by striking deals with apparel manufacturers for large shipments of white shirts at the lowest possible price and with long delivery lead times.
However, whereas in peripheral nerves the appropriate geometry is reconstructed, in white matter, such reconstruction apparently fails or does not succeed in sufficient time to permit regeneration.
Both the Soviet and Yugoslav systems were based on the cynical exploitation of ethnicity, so it's only natural that succeeding systems continue the tradition.
The country has succeeded economically by fixing the best price it can get for everything, but the domestic market pays high prices because of a stiff sales tax and surprisingly convoluted and inefficient distribution systems.
To succeed, such a process requires a relatively large and experienced facility design, engineering, and management staff within the owner's organization in order to protect the owner's interests.
Tufte has produced three books that make it possible to see the dynamics of linguistic grammar in a brilliantly synesthetic way--books that succeed in this task by not having grammar as their ostensible subject at all.
They succeeded in having the eastern section of the Northwest Territories officially renamed Nunavut — “Our Land” — and in 1999, Nunavut became the 11th province of Canada.
He was succeeded by Charles the Bold, whose daughter Maria married into the House of Hapsburg.
Nobunaga was assassinated by one of his own generals in 1582, and Hideyoshi, who had started out as a simple infantryman, succeeded him.
His latest two series, though, succeed at being both.

The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess tonnage from those held for the facility for the calendar year, or succeeding years during which offsets are required, following the year in which the excess emissions occurred.
Having outlived his children and grand­children, he was succeeded by his five-year-old great-grandson, Louis XV.
When he finally succeeded, after a prolonged siege and heavy losses, he punished the local population by cutting off the noses and lips of all men — except those who played wind instruments.
He is succeeding as a political pundit in part because of his interesting vantage point--he hates Hillary but loves Bill--and in part because he is the Michael Milken of the attention economy.
Both KSM and Khallad were aware of Hazmi's interest in finding a bride, and KSM reportedly went so far as to promise Hazmi a monthly stipend of $700 in the event he succeeded in marrying.
In 1964, he succeeded Steve Allen as host of Westinghouse's marquee late-night show.
, but which also use strippeddown network topologies (to focus on individual cell behaviors), test specifically for bistability, correlate results with the patterns formed, and ultimately generate a set of mathematical rules that strongly predict those cases that succeed or fail at producing an appropriate pattern.
The health care organizations that succeed in the 21 stcentury will be those that improve quality and reduce cost.
Spock, the American Journal of Public Health marveled, "has succeeded to an amazing degree in striking a middle ground in his advice."
As a result, he succeeded, in less than a decade, in making himself the ruler of Europe from the gates of Moscow to the English Channel.
How did the Promise Keepers succeed where the religious right has often failed?
Somehow, the proper understanding of how we function semiotically (I'm trying to avoid the word language for now) needs to be built into any educational system by which succeeding generations are taught the most effective way of sharing human experience—both domestic and foreign.
The CEO has failed because he's not very good, and succeeds only by crying.
By violating these taboos over and over, some succeed in defining themselves as rebels.
In order to succeed as a day trader over time, you have to be one thing: incredibly lucky.
His government has no coherent economic policy, the budget is a joke, and Yeltsin is likely to be succeeded by a hard-line authoritarian like Alexander Lebed.
"One man's resolve has played the lion's share of ensuring he has not been allowed to succeed."
Prediction: Without the Disney name, the movie won't succeed financially.
Critics also say Lichtenstein succeeded as both technical painter and social commentator, and that he was ahead of his time: "[H]e was a saboteur, offering 1990s irony in the 1960s" (Michael Kimmelman, the New York Times ).
Rubin expressed hope that the Russians might succeed in "convincing the Serbs to turn around" and "accept our conditions."
Yet he succeeded in making a collection that was definitive in its selections and mysteriously cohesive, the diverse offerings falling together like strands of a single design.
Independent presidential candidates succeed in America not by winning elections but by influencing the two major parties to adopt their positions.
No movie in the last decade has succeeded in psyching out critics and audiences as fully as the powerful, rambling war epic The Thin Red Line , Terrence Malick's return to cinema after 20 years.
Whether his successors in this role succeed or not, I suspect that Yates will one day be better remembered for another accomplishment: the U.S.
Most experts also doubt the Joint Chiefs were unified in the view that bombing wouldn't succeed: It's Air Force doctrine that bombing will succeed in such circumstances, so Air Force advisers almost certainly predicted a bombing triumph.
' That is said scornfully or dismissively," says historian and Brinkley mentor Ambrose, who tapped Brinkley to succeed him as director of University of New Orleans' Eisenhower Center.
The last two weeks in Indonesia, culminating in the resignation of its longtime autocrat, President Suharto, have been exhilarating, especially for the thousands of activists who succeeded in pushing him out.
Whatever the technical merits of the government's interpretation of the decree, you have to wonder what important public interest will be served if the government's case succeeds.
And Thomas concludes that Sacks succeeds for all the familiar Sacks reasons: Because he shows "how patients who are truly isolated and insulated by a disease can retain their humanity, their dignity."
He quoted one Israeli official as saying that Israel hopes Hassan will succeed because he is not only deeply committed to the peace process but is also "a person of vast experience."
But community service, plus censure, might succeed.
A few years of peace, prosperity, and balanced budgets--and a deeper awareness of just how bad our race problem is--may create a climate where such a program could succeed.
