I'm an educator, and I was curious about what was happening.
What's especially curious about this is that one would have thought this was a conclusion a supposedly ardent devotee of the free market would have reached a long time ago.
Many dispute the modern scientific tests that have proven it to be a medieval fabrication, and crowds of faithful and merely curious still visit its black marble chapel, a masterpiece of Guarini’s High Baroque, with its cone-shaped, six-tiered dome formed by a web of intersecting arches that rise to a 12-pointed star.
let's forget about the space program or whatever because we're always curious and we always need to know more things but um
Education of young and curious people, however, can make a difference.
uh i was just curious what uh part of the country
It is in that context that Mies’ curious combination of ordered simplicity and sybaritic luxury must be understood.
The curious thing about evolution is that everyone thinks he understands it?
The small, lovely cloister has curious, rather Arab-style arches.
How curious, then, that nine out of ten readers of this work happen to forget this part of Aristophanes' myth.
and i was curious as to what you know what specific things you you did have to put down but he says social security you don't need to put that down there which i thought was surprising so maybe there's something along that same line where you know in all these
The guild's gentler cohesion and lack of obvious international hierarchies have contributed to its marked success and curious anonymity.
"borisyeltsin.com is registered to the Friend to Friend Foundation (and man, am I curious about what that is).
Virginia's early years were drenched in book chat, but otherwise not so different from other crowded, stifling Victorian youths: The children had a swarm of spinster aunts, curious animal-inspired nicknames like "Ape" and "Marmot," and not a moment of privacy.
uh it was it was it was interesting but uh i'm just curious what he has to say now that they've got them all lit
Going a step further, he found that nonsense trinomials generally continue with a word beginning with a palatal ( ch, g, j, k ). As early as 1835, Richard Lepsius, the German Egyptologist, had pointed out the curious fact that the Hebrew alphabet contained no fewer than three groups of letters which adhere to this rule: 1) aleph, beth, gimel, daleth; 2) he, waw.
What a curious sensation to have a cabaret girl stop her professional smiling and knee-patting, forget about passing scotch and veggies while carrying on in rudimentary English (“What is your hobby?”
but really i'm i'm in a happy i i well i'm curious how other people live uh so maybe we should start with you what do you do
well i think it's curious that the sentences that are handed down are usually not served
The Palácio de Estói is a most curious find.
One of the curious things about what Jake Weisberg aptly calls the "Do Dim Bulbs Make Good Presidents?"
Another curious enigma about Columbus that has baffled historians is that no reliable likeness of him has ever survived.
After I wrote it I went back and finished the William Gass piece and found a curious volte-face near the end: "I have rarely paged through one of my dictionaries (a decent household will have a dozen) without my eye lighting, along the way, on words more beautiful than a found fall leaf ..."
I was born in the South of two Southern parents but raised mainly on Army posts, curious nonplaces that, even when located in the South, feel more like Ohio than like Alabama or Georgia or North Carolina.
A WP front page piece examines a prickly side-effect of the Starr report's release: the heightened risk of curious ten-year-olds asking parents what "oral sex" is.
The polite answer is, of course, call him whatever he wants to be called, but we are all curious as to which appellations are technically correct.
would be the the Freons i mean for air conditioning the one i guess that's the one i'm most curious about is how they're going to replace the Freons in air-conditioning
Washington morality is a curious thing.
But it is curious that these actresses should be attacked instead of encouraged in their efforts to change.
Both stories (and isn't it curious that both papers would independently front such a soft feature?) note that there is a rich Arab tradition of leaders going out in mufti, with the overall feeling being that this is a quaint feature of a veil- and robe-enmeshed culture.
(If you are genuinely curious about the answers, click .)
These are both quite correct, of course, but their juxtaposition could create a curious confusion.
Over the years and especially recently, in connection with the publication of the vast Omni Gazetteer of the United States of America (Omnigraphics, 1991) [ XVIII , 2], contributors have commented on the curious and funny names one can find in almost any listing of place names.
It's more than curious that at institutions supposedly dedicated to academics, spectator-friendly athletic competitions are the only activities considered to be worthy of regular praise and attention.
Follow up: Yesterday, in discussing the Supreme Court ruling that physically disabled children are entitled to the provision of publicly-funded continuous classroom care, this space wondered how it was that none of the papers covering the decision seemed at all curious about how the disabled boy in the case could have been paralyzed in a motorcycle accident as a four-year-old.
This is a curious work.
I was curious to see how traditional Muslim customs interact with modern fashion in a city where East has been meeting West for so many millennia.
Other than the snippets of concert footage and a few curious glimpses, it's a mishmash of drug-addled camera confusion.
Take the very curious column by Roger Smith, Variety's financial columnist, in the most recent issue of that magazine.
Let me pause for a moment to give three concise reasons why I'm so curious about the identity of the Antichrist:
Watching Johnson and Nixon visit their private demons on the nation made the public correctly curious about candidates' hidden selves.
I'll be curious to know whether he sees The Phantom Menace a dozen times, or even the three for which he has paid.
"He more recently found that it increases the bearer's risk of getting addicted to hard drugs (although several genes are probably involved), can cause adults to seek sensation, and makes newborns as young as two weeks more alert and curious about the outside world."
I'm curious about your thoughts on the coming millennium change and the notion that the world, due to its reliance on computers in things like tax collection and banking, will see an implosion and complete breakdown of society because the old mainframes can't tell the difference between 1900 and 2000.
Israel's fall would relegate Jews to curious obscurity--somewhat like the Amish.
The more typical ESPRIT decor is, in fact, wall-to-wall paper--much of it in curious Euro-colours like mauve and puce.
(If you're curious about your own SF-36 score, click here.)
In 15 or so calls to the Helpdesk, I encountered only one person who sounded annoyed rather than curious (and even, dare I say, gleeful) at the fact I was firing up Linux.
(Or maybe it isn't so curious: Philip Weiss tellingly led his attack on Farrow in the New York Observer last week with a little temper tantrum at his mom.)
It is curious, though, to find so few references in the Bibliography to articles that have appeared in, for instance, Maledicta , the main repository of scatological analysis, and to such articles as Allen Walker Read's “You Know What,” in American Speech (reprinted in VERBATIM II, 3) and Sidney Landau's “ sexual intercourse in American College Dictionaries” [I, 1].
