Your gift will help give new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason to use the word.
Even though these items cost a bit more than Pottery Barn fare, they were no doubt affected by the success of that store's clean, simple lines.
Naturally he had no sketch to show us, but nothjng could have better rounded off our actual conception of him than the way he fell into position as we approached (…) We stayed while the exhibition went on, and the conscious profiles of the peaks might to our apprehension have been interested in his success.
"You come into life with advantages which will disgrace you if your success is mediocre," Adams wrote to the 27-year-old JQA in 1794.
Yet the distinguishing feature of such high performers is not their success in shaving off labor costs in the assembly room; it is their effort in changing basic aspects of the way they manage their enterprises.
Services Provided by the "DBA" Challenged America Our sailing team sets an example of success through teamwork "Giving Disabled Veterans the Business" An article from the "Disabled American Veterans" (DAV) Magazine "No Challenge too Great for These Vets" An article from the "Veterans of Foreign Wars" (VFW) Magazine How YOU CAN Help Support the "DBA"
cruddy but not a dress either and sometimes i wonder if stuff like that would will hold you back you know if you don't dress in you know your dress for success business suits everyday if
Named by Danish settlers after the wife of King Christian V, the settlement started out as a trading port (a tradition that continues with great success today).
The Chinese people have been described as hardworking and pragmatic, attitudes that have contributed to Hong Kong’s success.
When you read your New York Times Magazine this Sunday (or Saturday, if you live in New York), you will learn about a raging controversy (ok, minor dispute) in the literary world: Does former Knopf fiction editor Gordon Lish deserve credit for author Raymond Carver's success?
i wasn't sure i appreciated that duty for two years in a row but i found that advance planning was the key to success
um the success rate of getting it sorted properly seemed to be poor so
The glow of that happy discovery can last for years, as Nathan Myrhvold explained and simultaneously demonstrated in a recent  Slate  "." These are folks lucky enough to be able to choose their careers and to have a good shot at success at whatever they choose.
But the success of the program will ride on the details, which remain unclear.
Your past support of the Challenger program has been critical to its success these last four years.
Being an institution that promotes education and learning through the connection of people and the natural world around them, the Society is actively preparing for continued success in the future.
Studios will also try to substitute for expensive star vehicles more animated films and explosive special-effects movies such as Twister and Independence Day --the biggest box-office successes last year, with grosses of more than $200 million apiece.
However, this programme will not be able to achieve a high degree of success without national policies and programmes addressing the profit margins of SP versus AQ drugs, advertising and sales of unapproved drugs, the enforcement of correct dosage labeling, and retrieval from the market of inefficacious drugs.
However, the success of many of these efforts depends, in part, on an organization's ability to protect the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of the data and systems it relies on.
Leading organizations recognize that sound planning is not enough to ensure their success.
However, evolutionary acquisition has yet to be consistently implemented with success on individual weapon system acquisitions.
According to various postings on the Net, Hilfiger confessed on Oprah that if he had been able to predict the success of his clothing among "Chinamen and niggers," he would "never have made it so nice."
Success in school physics was the key for getting into Cambridge, where he reveled in the world of Ernest Rutherford, Mark Oliphant, and John Bernal.
The wild success of Friends , I think, kicked off the era.
IT managers recognize that success with the current initiative goes a long way in increasing CIO credibility with the state agencies.
The  Sunday Times  of London agreed that NATO is "at risk of being humiliated" and suggested that the only opportunity for success is the use of ground troops.
The Jerusalem Post 's editorial said, however, that Barak's landslide "was not only a function of his opponent's failures, but of Netanyahu's success."
This evolutionary approach significantly contributed to the cost and schedule successes of this program.
Harris advertises beauty not as an end but as a means to "success," since people who are physically desirable get more attention, power, and favorable treatment.
Only the Atlanta Braves have had consistent success in this decade, making them the first team since the New York Yankees of 1960-1964 to appear in four out of five consecutive World Series.
There is a quiet humor in Yiddish and a gratitude for every day of life, every crumb of success, each encounter of love.
Nonetheless, publicity from the Cleveland Clinic trial made the Quigley Corp.'s Cold-Eeze zinc gluconate lozenges a runaway success.
Another Time article says Soul Food 's success might rouse Hollywood to pay heed to black America's box-office potential.
The selection of functionally-descriptive kernel documents is, therefore, a key to the success of this algorithm.
But what makes the unhappy discovery truly appalling is the further incredible discovery that Washington's earnest and humorless Rules are considered by experts to be the key to his entire career, and therefore, in some respect, a key to America's two centuries of national success.
The success of Squawk Box on CNBC--the top-rated business show, which has real live managers as daily co-hosts--tells us this.
Judith Glazer-Raymo, author of the forthcoming book Professionalizing Graduate Education: The Master's Degree in the Marketplace , argues that converging market forces will lead to the success of the professional master's degree in science.
His tale is said to transcend the simplistic views of the mogul as either Horatio Alger success story or venal monopolist.
A more accurate rendering of the liberal position would be that rather than a single "general intelligence," there are a handful of crucial--and separate--mental abilities; that none of these abilities is important enough to obviate the role of family background and education; and that native ability (and economic success independent of native ability) can be enhanced by improving education, training, and public health.
And then we failed to celebrate those successes as important milestones and victories.
He offers two reasons why we must replace the welfare state, three steps toward success, Four Great Truths of our Generation, five Pillars of Freedom and Progress, seven aspects of committing ourselves to real change, nine zones of invention and creativity, 10 steps toward Renewing American Civilization, 13 Renewing America Strategies, 14 steps to replacing the welfare state with an opportunity society, and 17 key factors in a House victory.
Once and Again 's success has been taken as a sign that a show doesn't have to appeal to that desperately sought-after 18-to-34 demographic in order to be a hit.
But any New Yorker subscriber who didn't realize that Blumenthal was massively ego-invested in the Clintons' success just wasn't paying attention ...
The second critical success factor focuses on the CIO«s ability to establish the CIO organization as a central player in the enterprise.
In all his plays, Miller remains fixed to the same set of concerns: corruption and the worship of material success; loyalty and betrayal; fathers and sons; public responsibility and personal conscience.
Today, the memory of Psychic Friends would live on in all our minds as a great and kooky American success story; we wouldn't have hundreds of psychics worried about their futures; and Lasky would still be ridiculously wealthy.
Is it not possible that the aura of success is generated by real success?
That said, without a list of specific projects, project leaders, and a time frame for achieving or at least evaluating specific goals, it will be impossible to define success and failure, review progress, and assure internal and external accountability.
The paper's latest poll (of 1,009 adults) indicates that more than eighty percent of respondents say Clinton's presidency is a success, although only 24 percent view him as honest and trustworthy.
Although regression lines have been fitted to relationships between GC content and codon and amino-acid usage empirically, permitting qualitative inferences, quantitative theoretical predictions relating these responses to each other have thus far had limited success.
