'I think she's dynamic, and I think she's very smart, and she's an amazing speaker,' Ms.
uh they finally got smart and got a riding lawn mower which was a big improvement for for us us kids who had to go out there and uh mow the the grass every every week
there's a chance they're going to be tested you think they'd be smart enough if they did have a problem to eliminate their use
And we know she's too smart to be fooled.
This small, attractive 17th-century castle houses a white, domed chapel (Santa Catarina) and is home to a smart traditional-style restaurant and a small annex to the pousada in Sagres.
(More full disclosure: Microsoft publishes  Slate .) The Washington Post ? Ready for fleecing when it invests in NetGuide . Wolff admits only one person into his circle of virtue: Former Time Warner new media chief Walter Isaacson, who has since ascended to the editorship of Time . Isaacson's genius was that he understood the Web's potential but was smart enough to leave the new media division early.
not very smart i think that's difficult on them so
First and foremost, the inhouse staff should be able to identify facility requirements in the context of their impact on the agency's mission success and, in so doing, to act as a smart buyer.
The Plaça Cort is the site of the fine wooden-eaved 17th-century Renaissance Ajuntament (Town Hall) and from there it’s a short way by smart shopping streets to the yellow façades and green shutters of the Plaça Major, the former marketplace.
An architecture critic once described Gehry as “a smart man from Hollywood,” which nicely captures the architect’s blend of exuberant showmanship and canny behind-the-scenes savvy.
Usually the most controversial group show in the United States, this year's much hyped selection of the best American art of the last two years is deemed smart but overly polite.
Its long lines and minimalist façade once housed administrative offices, but the interior has been transformed into a smart shopping mall with luxury goods from jewelry to cigars.
On the contrary, it's conventional today to hear that having a really smart CEO is necessary to compete successfully, especially in the New Economy, and articles about company heads routinely include lines like "He was the smartest guy I'd ever met."
well if you don't make smart selections it doesn't do any good or if you make smart selections and they and you can't sign them
Humayun’s Tomb has a remarkable charm of its own, a site for repose and serenity made from a delicate combination of materials — buff-and-red sandstone and smart, grey-trimmed white marble.
The Prado is the town’s principal thoroughfare, a palm-lined boulevard that takes you down to the spit of land protruding into the bay past smart waterside villas.
Besides fancy luxury hotels in old manor houses, there are a couple of smart, low-cost alternatives, and one of the best rosters of restaurants on the coast, making Deià an ideal base for a few overnights.
Bill Gates, by contrast, envisions a PC-plus future , where the PC will remain the primary computing tool but will be integrated with other smart devices.
In one tower is the Bank of Montréal, reached across a pleasant green courtyard with smart shops around the waterfall.
A smart buyer is one who retains the requisite technical knowledge to accurately define the technical services needed, recognizes value during the acquisition of such technical services, and can evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided.
Jordan, who's interviewed, comes across as very smart, rather conservative, and much less avaricious than you might expect.
A smart buyer is one who retains an inhouse staff capable of
It's a dumb person's way of seeming smart.
uh government Diner's Club and i had an American Express of my own i probably if i was smart i'd get rid of the American Express and get
Bill Paxon, a Gingrich minion at the National Republican Congressional Committee, the party's fund-raising and spending apparatus that helped win the House for the GOP in 1994, is enthusiastic and smart but doesn't seem tough enough to be speaker.
well if you don't make smart selections it doesn't do any good or if you make smart selections and they and you can't sign them
That Rowling's books, which are so smart and so bracingly British (I think you're right to keep bringing up P.L. Travers as a reference point--she and Rowling both manage to be at once subversive and starchy, anarchic and commonsensical), have resonated with parents is no surprise.
and they're saying that people you cannot take care of things yourself or like that you're not smart enough to teach your kids how to how to uh
In the long run, that's not a smart bet.
well that is called smart budgeting
yeah it was i just took grades one through six i thought i was going to be smart and get the good kids wrong
There are many smart people running for president this year, but none of them will likely match Clinton's ability to wear his intelligence so lightly and so well.
we what was it in seventy four when we had the the last last oil crisis and and uh we started getting smart and and we were looking all these alternative sources of energy and so forth
"You don't have to be smart or art-historically sophisticated to understand these," a Chihuly's assistant explains in one of several documentaries on him by Seattle's public TV station.
The smart money was on Miller's new discovery, Guy Mitchell--nice kid, pleasant voice, no trouble.
Web advertising is smart, in the sense that it can be far more detailed and specific and because it can reach a target with surgical precision.
A quivering pile of flesh attired in smart "career girl" fashions, Annie travels to London by train to visit Hannah, her former college roommate, whom she has not seen in years.
One man's poor news judgment is another man's smart market positioning.
In international trade, people started to joke that a smart graduate student could come up with a model to justify any policy; similar sentiments were felt in many fields.
The "smart money" in the international community is betting on another round of military-dominated rule, even though the popular opposition wants a much more representative government, partly to protect itself against the international community's neoliberal economic agenda.
He manages to get one smart crack in, writing, "I do think about suicide a lot because it is so boring to be ill, rather like being trapped in an Updike novel."
By this, Chatterbox doesn't mean only that Clinton is knowledgeable and smart; Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon were knowledgeable and smart, too, but they weren't particularly good presidents.
Women wearing short skirts and smart shoes who fold a modish scarf on their heads in the ancient veil-like manner are trying to have it both ways.
In Men at Work , Will found a smart new way for an average fan to think about the game.
knowbot A smart software package that acts like a robot.
It's thrilling to have so many smart readers.
1: Genes are smart . People often assume that kin-selected altruism is foolproof; that a gene can magically sense copies of itself in other organisms--or, at least, can somehow ascertain with perfect accuracy which organisms are close relatives of its own host organism and thus may carry copies of itself.
Whatever his past gaps in judgment, Gingrich is too smart to think he has a realistic chance of being elected president.
"Dealers will be smart enough to keep their operations under the federal threshold," observed Orange County Sheriff Brad Gates.
And it said that the heads of government who appointed them "have taken on a grave responsibility by making themselves accomplices of their imbecilic 'smart bombs,' thus delegitimizing the noble aims with which this intervention was undertaken."
