um onions and garlic sometimes i'll put other things you know because the onions and garlics will mature in June or July
and uh i have a preschooler um i was told by her preschool teacher that she thought maybe she was to immature for kindergarten and i thought well how mature do you have to be
for the good of the the nation and for the good of themselves i think it's uh would everyone everyone grow up and mature and and realize what this country's all about
Genital development was evaluated with the criteria of Tanner [ 35 ] , and was performed with a questionnaire and physical exam by an experienced physician, in which stage 1 is prepubertal, stage 2 is initial development of the genitalia, stages 3 and 4 are intermediate, and stage 5 is mature.
yeah i guess kids do mature at different ages too that's and you know as a teacher you you try to make be understanding that you know there are different ages kids are is
They arise late in a culture's history apparently from filaments shed from large mature structures.
The staining persisted in young syncytial aggregates (y, panels E and F) but diminished in mature ST (m, panels F and G).
Homecoming and Inner Child and so i read usually that kind of stuff if and right now i'm reading um Judith Viorst's book called Necessary Losses where she talks about different losses that we've had in our lives that we have to get past if we're going to mature and
5. ERα immunoreactivity was highest in isolated CT cells (CT), moderate in young syncytial aggregates (yST) and virtually undetectable (not significantly different from background values) in mature syncytia (mST).
Newsday 's Linda Winer says Wasserstein has matured into "her own bright, eloquent and great-hearted version of George Bernard Shaw."
Design flaws are uncovered and the design of the product is matured.
But just as most comic book readers move on to other forms of literature (despite Art Spiegelman's unconvincing plea that "they're really illustrated novels"), most voters in a mature democracy demand more from candidates than a packaged personality and a glib slogan.
The ecdysone hormones do not affect mammalian physiology like glucocorticoids or progestins and are not known to be toxic or teratogenic like tetracycline [ 11 ] allowing their use in both developmental studies with transgenic animals as well as in the context of gene therapy and tumor biology studies in mature animals.
An essay claims popular culture is now so kid-oriented that kids have no model for mature adulthood.
Having reached this mature configuration, a person continues to pile up grains of experience, building on the existing base.
It's always nice to be noticed, but Ebert's implication--that it's silly to be conflicted about the work of an artist, even one whose technical and emotional smarts have matured at different rates--is willfully obtuse.
Industry honchos protested that "cigar smokers are mature, well-informed adults who smoke on an occasional basis."
It is about "the same irony and the same agony" as Portnoy's Complaint --the excesses of the 1960s--but American Pastoral is "darker, difficult, more mature."
Immunohistochemical staining was done using rabbit polyclonal antibodies raised against synthetic peptides that correspond to regions in the mature forms of TGF-β 1 , TGF-β 2 , and TGF-β 3 . Antibodies to TGF-β 1 were raised against a synthetic peptide corresponding to residues 1-30 of the mature protein in either the Laboratory of Chemoprevention (anti-TGF-β 1 -LC; NIH, Bethesda, MD, USA) or the Collagen Corporation (anti-TGF-β 1 -CC; Palo Alto, CA, USA).
For indirect immunofluorescence, 10 4cells were cultured on glass coverslips, stimulated with 10 nM mature TGFβ 1 for 10 minutes, stained as described [ 66 67 ] and viewed using a Zeiss LSM-510 confocal microscope.
In the UK, in particular, some scientists seemed concerned that their mature and respected system for funding research risked dilution.
Although the biological mechanisms underlying the inverse association between menarcheal age and adult obesity are uncertain, it has been suggested that early maturing girls may have a longer period of positive energy balance [ 1 ] , or that various endocrine factors influence both the rate of sexual maturation and the accumulation of body fat [ 6 ] . However, it is also possible that the apparent influence of menarcheal age on adult obesity reflects the underlying importance of childhood obesity, with relatively fat children at increased risk for both early menarche [ 7 9 13 14 15 ] and adult obesity [ 7 16 ] .
The surviving sequences (as few as 5% of the germline sequences) reside on many small MAC chromosomes, which are then highly amplified to the level of the mature MAC.
Targeted null Brn3c mutants have no mature hair cells [ 1 2 ] . Close examination has revealed that some 'immature' hair cells form in Brn3c null mutants and express cellular markers such as Myosin VI and VIIa, calretinin and parvalbumin [ 3 ] . Furthermore, these immature hair cells of Brn3c null mutants undergo apoptosis in neonates [ 3 ] . Consistent with an apparent absence of mature hair cells, initial work suggested that all vestibular and most spiral ganglion cells are lost by postnatal day 14 (P14; [ 1 ] ). However, more detailed quantification by others [ 3 ] reported that at P4 about 77% of vestibular neurons and only 29% of spiral neurons are lost.
For the purpose of statistical analysis in this study, the PT1 and PT2 placentae were coupled, since they can be considered as normal placentae capable of responding and fulfilling the demands of the growing fetus by compensatory villous development or expansion of existing mature villi [ 30 ] . They were compared with placental types showing moderate and severe abnormality (coupled PT3 and PT4).
In human tissues, mature CL (MCL; lane 6) showed LHR bands similar to that in mature porcine CL.
To determine whether binding of mature TGFβ 1 leads to integrin-mediated signaling, we looked at the status of integrin-cytoskeleton-associated proteins [ 66 67 ] after incubation with mature TGFβ 1 in selected carcinoma cell lines with different degrees of sensitivity to TGFβ 1 (Table 1).
However, ERβ immunoreactivity was virtually undetectable in isolated CT cells, highest in young syncytial aggregates, and moderate expression persisted in mature syncytia.
Various growth factors such as angiopoietin (ang)-1, platelet-derived growth factor, transforming growth factor-β as well as VEGF-A are also involved in arteriogenesis, and it may therefore be necessary to use combinations of these factors to obtain stable and mature vessels (Fig.
It has been speculated that VEGF-A alone may not be sufficient to form stable, mature vessels that are characterized by the recruitment of the perivascular mural cells, such as pericytes or smooth muscle cells [ 48].
Finally our present work leads us to speculate, pending further results, that the present classification of aggregation pathways may also map onto more functional concepts, such as "preliminary induction" (the laminin pathway) and "maturation and stabilization" (the agrin pathway; see also [ 38 ] ). This tentative classification is based principally on the observation that agrin, in the absence of laminin, gives rise to structured receptor nanoaggregates, so that it seems in a sense to be a complete stimulus, while laminin-1 appears to take receptors only part of the way toward mature and stabile receptor aggregates, based on structure and additional criteria already discussed.
In rat ovaries, the LHR immunoreactivity was detected in the mature and regressing CL (MCL and RCL, Fig.
The extent of the precisely conserved arm (thus including a potential miRNA) was in most cases longer than the mature product, and it would have been arbitrary to select a candidate miRNA sequence just so that it began with a U. Notably, a recent study suggests that different chemical strategies for capturing miRNA molecules may differentially recover miRNAs according to their 5' ends [ 33 ] , so reevaluation of miRNA 5' bias may be in order.
The product is a 4-strand helical structure [ 3 4 ] . A mature macrofiber arises by the repetition of the growth, twisting, and supercoiling process.
Sequencing the mature transcripts (spliced mRNA) solves three major problems: first, it permits accurate identification of the 5' and 3' UTRs.
[ 12 ] , SMI-31 was described as labeling nuclear epitopes in cells in culture and in neurons of mature rat brain as visualized by cryo-sectioning and confocal microscopy.
reported a molecular weight for wild type pR of 27 kDa based on the predicted amino acid sequence of the protein [ 1 ] . Its 249 amino acids barely exceed the 248 of mature bR, which has a molecular weight of 26,000.
Constitutive expression of a number of HSPs and molecular chaperones has been characterized in immature oocytes and mature mouse eggs [ 38 39 40 ] , though none as yet have been localized to the oolemma.
The evidence that the authors provide for these cells being differentiated includes analysis of gene expression, surface antigens, and immunocytochemistry typical of the mature tissues.
The first construct contains a Flag-epitope placed at the C-terminus of HsN3 (N3-F), since the C-terminus of HsN3 is not buried inside of the mature proteasome, according to the crystal structure of HsN3 [ 38 ] . The second and the third constructs contain either the Flag or the T7 epitopes placed at the N-terminus of HsN3 (F-ΔN3, T7-ΔN3).
This is partly due to limited documentation of the sequence of events underlying iridocorneal angle development and limited documentation of the mature angle structures in mice.
However, ligament tearing occurred from skeletally mature rabbits with the strain rate from 0.011 to 222 %/sec [ 14 ] .
The degradation of Smad1 by proteasome is reported in a separate study [ 39 ] . The dissociation of Smad1 from the mature 20S proteasome could be due to the competition of Smad1 binding by a 19S regulator protein or simply due to the inaccessibility of the binding site on HsN3 when two half proteasomes assembly into the mature proteasome.
Thus, mature IL-4-secreting effector cells were found to be decreased in the RA synovium but not in the blood.
For example, the transcription factor single minded is expressed in the glial cells of the mature embryo [ 22].
A role for BMP-5 in dorsal forebrain patterning has been proposed based on its expression in the dorsal midline of the developing forebrain and observations that ectopic expression of BMP-5 in the developing neural tube of chicks markedly downregulates ventral markers while maintaining dorsal markers [ 5 7 ] . Further support for BMP-5 regulation of early forebrain development has been provided by studies of Bmp5/Bmp7 double mutants [ 6 ] . However, reports that BMP-5 in the mouse brain exhibits peak expression levels in the adult striatum and brainstem and that maximal expression in the hippocampus and cerebellum occurs at E18 through PN1 and again in the mature nervous system [ 3 ] , suggest additional roles for BMP-5 during later stages of neural development and into adulthood.
Thus, mature NMDA receptors, which contain more NR2A subunit, have a faster decay time than immature receptors which contain more NR2B subunits [ 20, 44].
Commercial companies insist that technology be mature at the outset of a product development program and, therefore, separate technology development from product development.
Here, we show that binding of mature TGFβ 1 to α V β 6 integrin resulted in an association of the cytoskeleton (Figure 10).
Recombinant human proteins (mature TGFβ 1 , TNF-α, Fibronectin and Laminin 1) were purchased from R&amp;D Systems.
