This coast also has a succession of truly idyllic beaches, wide open and wild — but be aware that the currents here are extremely strong, and swimming is not recommended.
And she has no difficulty in culling support for her thesis from the recent list of hot stories: the New Yorker succession, Time/CNN/sarin, Jim Fallows' firing, Nina Burleigh on the Oral Office, Steven Brill, etc.
And, as the N particles in the bottle collide and exchange momenta, bouncing oV in new combinations of directions with new combinations of velocities according to Newton’s three laws of motion, the 6N numbers representing the system at each moment change in time through some succession of 6N numbers.
An orderly succession ...
In the ordered regime, any cell type can only directly reach a few adjacent cell types and may, by a succession of perturbations, eventually dierentiate along branching developmental pathways to a larger number of cell types.
27, 2001); and Senior Executive Service: Retirement Trends Underscore the Importance of Succession Planning, GAO/GGD-00-113BR (Washington, D.C.: May 12, 2000).
It makes more sense to cover these three topics in close succession.
Starting in midmorning, a succession of groups perform every style of Cuban music, from son and guarachas to boleros and salsa.
In 1708, during the War of the Spanish Succession, the British seized the island for its port, and kept possession until temporarily losing it to the French in 1756.
The Habsburg Archduke Charles of Austria challenged France’s Philip of Bourbon in the ensuing War of the Spanish Succession.
Property is an endless succession of bubbles in space, or cyberspace, with different people claiming an endless variety of interests in them.
The TSF was measured three times in succession with Lange skinfold calipers, and the mean value is included in the analyses.
There was a succession of right-wing attempts to govern and Spain floundered in a sea of political strikes and violence.
This is not exactly a classic succession, of course, because Gates is not leaving the company at all and because Wall Street likes the idea that he will now have more time to think deep thoughts and not have to worry about whether the latest version of Excel is shipping on time.
For Rothko, too, there were the years of apprenticeship, the hard-won discovery of a classic but ultimately restrictive format (Rothko's stacked rectangles are not unlike Lowell's sonnets and John Berryman's "dream songs"), the succession of wives, the acclaim, and the descent into alcohol, paranoia, depression, and suicide.
The Archduke Charles of Austria rivalled France’s Philip of Bourbon, designated to ascend the throne, in the ensuing War of the Spanish Succession.
Most involve four identical Pfam categories in succession, or a double run of two categories, again pointing to local duplication.
The ensuing years were rife with constant wars, shifting alliances, and disputes over succession to the crown.
The nearby Museo de Arte Colonial (Calle Plácido Sur, 74) is an 18th-century palace with two peaceful courtyards and a succession of grandly furnished rooms suffused with a gentle light entering through stained-glass windows.
In the Dirty Harry movies or the rabidly right-wing 1986 Heartbreak Ridge (which ends with a potency-reclaiming invasion of Grenada), there's little irony in Eastwood's superiority to the succession of louts, prisses, and psychopaths whom his character inevitably clobbers or blows away, or in the fact that he is of greater stature than the actors with whom he surrounds himself.
Naval skirmishes ensued between the two powers, but at the end of the war of succession between Portugal and Castile, the wide-ranging Treaty of Alcaçovas ended Lisbon’s claims to the Fortunate Islands.
Well on the same page, over a story about yesterday's speeches and ceremonies at the Times marking the retirement of NYT CEO Arthur Ochs Sulzberger and the succession to that title of his son is the headline "Sulzberger Passes Leadership of Times Co. to Son."
Our current human capital profile has succession planning, structural, and skills imbalance problems that we need to address if we are to maintain and build our capacity to support the Congress and achieve the goals of our strategic plan in the 21st century.
The worst of these episodes came in the War of the Spanish Succession (1701–1713) between the backers of Philip of Anjou, the 17-year-old grandson of Louis XIV of France, and the Hapsburg claimant, Archduke Charles of Austria.
Pundits rehashed the rules of succession in the event of something worse.
This Bayesian technique is widely explored in bioinformatic applications seeking to measure homology and align sequences [ 11 ] . In a recent report [ 12 ] we have shown that, for genomic sequences, Markov tables are in fact a special case of CGR, contrary to what had been suggested previously [ 13 ] . This raised the prospect of an advantageous use of iterative maps as state spaces not only for representation of sequences but also to identify scale independent stochastic models of the succession scheme.
In quick succession, they kidnapped British Trade Commissioner James Cross and murdered Bourassa’s Minister of Labor Pierre Laporte.
The subsequent war over Spanish succession resulted in the enthronement of the Bourbon candidate, Felipe V. When Madrid’s alcázar burned down in 1734, with the loss of many art treasures, Felipe seized the opportunity to build a new, incredibly lavish royal palace.
Further north beyond Nuevo Vallarta are a succession of small towns and relatively undeveloped beaches, in easy reach by car.
The funds we are requesting are critical to addressing our succession planning challenges and enhancing the knowledge, skills, and abilities of our workforce.
The monarchy was elective, rather than hereditary, which led to disputes over succession to the crown; and in one of these, the disaffected party looked to North Africa for an ally.
4. "GE CEO Jack Welch announced that he will retire after the company's annual meeting in April 2001, meaning that all eyes will be focused on his succession . Early suggestions for ways of whittling down the list of contenders include: two weeks of Navy SEAL training (if you ring the bell, you're out); a bake-off using GE's cool new photo-light oven; and a gala tourney of Win Ben Stein's Money ."
Only when the French succeeded in blowing up part of the garrison, during the War of the Spanish Succession in 1707, was the castle taken.
Ptolemy (second century) was the first and boldest in a long succession of spin doctors for the primacy of human beings.
One long street climbs up from the main gateway, past a succession of open-sided pavilions and up cobblestoned terraces.
The Times favors censure over impeachment because it says the latter in Clinton's case assaults the Constitution in that it threatens what it calls "the jewel in the crown of American democracy," an orderly succession of presidential power.
It also became a prime base for missionary activity, with its succession of devout followers of different faiths — the Franciscans, Augustinians, Dominicans, and the Jesuits — which held them in line along with a rigorous Inquisition most notably led by Francis Xavier, who came to Goa in the year 1542.
At 5,000 feet elevation, Taxco offers a succession of picturesque views, each seemingly more enchanting than the last.
Sebastião’s untimely demise, alongside some 18,000 ill-prepared, badly led followers, set the stage for a crisis of succession.
So try as I might to interest friends and family in Charter revision, I'm afraid budgets, bureaucratic reorganization, and mayoral succession just can't compete with larger-than-life egotistic personalities, the war of the righteous, and raunchy art.
On the Costa Blanca, Murcia was defended from the invasion of Archduke Charles by its bishop, with the help of local people; Játiva fought the succession of Philip so fiercely that when resistance was finally overcome in 1707, the town’s name was changed to San Felipe — the former name was not to be restored until the 19th century.
So, why do I repeatedly find myself bidding furiously in the last five minutes of an auction and submitting three different bids in succession when one should suffice?
The ease of Barrett's succession to CEO is the ultimate expression of this, of course.
But try a different succession: William James; John Dewey; Al Neuharth.
The only clear measure of Guber and Peters' misjudgment is their overspending for antique furniture, yachts, slumber parties at Aspen, and the like, and a numbing succession of box-office bombs.
(Perhaps more to the point, it radiates .) And in the most recent issue of the Weekly Standard , David Brooks contends that the book's criticism of the left is merely the latest in a succession of moves designed to advance the author's academic career.
It's official: Over the past week, in rapid succession, the editorial pages of both the New York Times and the Washington Post endorsed what the Post called a "disarmingly simple alternative to traditional affirmative action" when it comes to college admissions.
The WP says that Yeltsin is trying to engineer his succession by a friendly replacement because he's worried about prosecution for corruption after leaving office.
How it came about the the myth could take the place of history, and feed both fiction and utopia, that fiction in the form of dogma of various kinds could take the place of science, that science could progressively dominate fiction, that history, in eliminating myth, could itself become a science, at the cost of a ruthless battle between the imaginary and the real--a battle whose outcome, even today, remains unclear--this story reads like a novel: and in any case, doesn't the word history itself, which designates a succession of facts through time, also encapsulate the word story: a tale, a fable, an imaginary account?
Maybe it's time to plan an orderly succession. ...
