The principle of national self-determination, urged so adamantly in the twentieth century, derives from the same source: every nation is entitled to preserve its own culture, cultivate its language, and express itself as a subject of the international community.
Little do they know that the Pirate Queen, a beautiful and ruthless young Malay woman (bearing a suspiciously plagiaristic similarity to a Pirate Queen in a film cribbed from a book entitled Your LIFE Story by someone else) determined to protect her heritage, will interfere with their plans.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Federal Communications Commission (FCC), entitled "Amendment of Parts 2 and 15 of the Commission's Rules to Deregulate the Equipment Authorization Requirements for Digital Devices" (ET Docket No.
The drafters implicitly endorsed the principle that all men are created equal and because they are created equal, they are entitled to equal treatment before the law.
On Friday afternoon, the conference agenda consisted of thematic discussions or mini-sessions that provided an exposition of the state planning concept, entitled, "Breaking the Concept into Parts -Client-Centered, Comprehensive, Integrated, Statewide."
Non-EU nationals are entitled to a refund of the value added tax (VAT) charged on items that are purchased to be taken out of the country.
Would the controlling feature of the butchers living in Louisiana be their membership in the polity called the United States or their status as “persons” entitled to due process and the equal protection of the laws?
The statute's application of the presence requirement to legal permanent residents, for example, is in some tension with the fact that those aliens are legally entitled to leave the United States temporarily without affecting their immigration status.
but then they're they're also entitled to drag it through the courts for years and years and years on appeals so somehow you know it doesn't really balance out too much
Now it has come out that Hackworth himself was claiming two military decorations he wasn't entitled to claim: a Ranger Tab (indicating membership in a commando-style Ranger infantry unit) and a second Distinguished Flying Cross.
In March 1995, our Office issued a report on the subject of this rule entitled "Social Security: New Functional Assessments for Children Raise Eligibility Questions" (HEHS-95-66).
There are similar questions answered in the section entitled Curious and Interesting Facts, and the chapter called I've Made Up a Word contains some interesting material.
Phil entitled his article relevant to this issue of emergence “More Is DiVerent.”
But he's entitled to have a public defender ...
um the medical benefits and whatnot that uh he was entitled to and they estimated those benefits at about forty percent of his salary
African Americans were part of the public, and they should be entitled, as a matter of equality with others, to have access to public transport, theaters, and hotel accommodations.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, entitled "Regulations Restricting the Sale and Distribution of Cigarettes and Smokeless Tobacco to Protect Children and Adolescents" (RIN: 0910-AA48).
Bradley agrees that a candidate who has been criticized is uniquely entitled to respond in kind.
The first, “Speech and Silence,” has Woolf as its starting point and includes Cora Kaplan on “Language and gender” as well as two French extracts from Annie Leclerc on “Woman's word” and an interview with the leading French psychologist Luce Irigary entitled “Woman's exile.”
This conclusion does not end the inquiry, however, because the question before the Commission is not whether an alien must be physically present in the United States, but when the alien must be present in order to be entitled to LSC representation.
A companion rule entitled "Promoting Wholesale Competition Through Open Access Non-Discriminatory Transmission Services by Public Utilities; Recovery of Stranded Costs by Public Utilities and Transmitting Utilities" (Docket Nos.
A last ditch defense effort to portray MaîtreCrèche as a peasant ignorant of France's tough laws on the use of such expressions backfired when the prosecution unveiled a book found in the defendant's office entitled 108 Franglaish Expressions That Can Get You Put in Jail If You Use Them In This Country.
The principal legislative history accompanying the Act16 chronicled the different access problems GAO had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled, including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the White House.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission, entitled "First Report and Order: Interconnection and Resale Obligations Pertaining to Commercial Mobile Radio Services" (FCC-96-263).
Back when the Zulu king was entitled to more than 100 women, coughing or spitting at his dinner table was punishable by death.
For example, we may agree with pro-lifers that abortion is wrong while agreeing with pro-choicers that people are entitled to make their own reproductive decisions.
Similarly, DOT's home page (http://www.dot.gov) includes a link to "Dockets, Rules &amp; References," and DOL's home page (http://www.dol.gov) contains a link entitled "Laws &amp; Regs."
From a human rights perspective, people are entitled to live in and receive care in the community not because it is more efficient, but because all human beings develop their identities within social contexts, and have rights to work and study, as well as be with family and friends.
The following account of Mr. John Coutts and his family were [sic] communicated by the earl of Dundonald to the editor of the Morning Post, in refutation of anecdotes published in a pamphlet, entitled “Life of Thomas Coutts,” &amp;c.
They are entitled to see some standards for performance so they can judge, with the help of their elected representatives, whether the objectives are being met.
The senator is, of course, entitled to apply his own interpretation of the Bible to his personal life.

The statute's application of the presence requirement to legal permanent residents, for example, is in some tension with the fact that those aliens are legally entitled to leave the United States temporarily without affecting their immigration status.
If Starr had similarly sued Blumenthal for libel or slander instead of calling him before the grand jury (where, among other things, you're not entitled to have a lawyer present during questioning), we'd have a different story on our hands.
If, for instance, there was prima facie evidence that President Clinton had discussed Iraq moves with Lewinsky, then by the same logic that got us here, Ken Starr would be entitled to question her about that too.
This month's Talk features a charming six-page travel section entitled "Chasing Mr. Ripley," a tour of Italy keyed to the locations used in The Talented Mr. Ripley , the movie everyone's talking about.
Still, this is a book whose bibliography includes monographs entitled Private Tooth Decay as Public Economic Virtue and tomes such as The History and Social Influence of the Potato --so the rest of it is still loaded with nuggets worth finding.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, entitled "Bank Holding Companies and Change in Bank Control (Regulation Y)" (Docket Nos.
An easy-to-use stand-alone software program entitled BAGEL, which implements this Bayesian analysis of gene expression levels on MacOS or Windows platforms, is available on the web with an online manual [ 48].
The Republicans may be the Stupid Party, but surely every organization is entitled to seek certain goals and to expect its members to pursue those goals.
If he fails to insist on the decommissioning of weapons before paramilitaries could hold office in the new Northern Ireland assembly, democrats will "be entitled to walk away from an agreement which Mr. Blair had dishonoured."
Among the scholarly pioneers was George R. Stewart, whose considered reflections are collected in standard works entitled Names on the Land (1945, revised 1958 and 1967) and American Place-Names (1970).
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, entitled "Medical Devices; Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) Final Rule; Quality System Regulation" (RIN: 0910-AA09).
Following is a summary of stewardship data for the program entitled, Transition Training for Former Navy Contractor Personnelo, for the 5 fiscal years ending September 30, 199V through 199Z:
(See PEMD's transfer paper entitled Using Statistical Sampling (U.S.
Treasury, Internal Revenue Service; Department of Labor, Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration; and the Department of Health and Human Services, Health Care Financing Administration; entitled "Interim Rules for Mental Health Parity" (RIN: 1545-AV53; 1210-AA62; 0938-AI05).
In October 1997, the President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection described the potentially devastating implications of poor information security from a broader perspective in its report entitled Critical Foundations: Protecting America's Infrastructures.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Environmental Protection Agency, entitled "Control of Air Pollution: Final Rule for New Gasoline Spark-Ignition Marine Engines; Exemptions for New Nonroad Compression-Ignition Engines at or above 37 Kilowatts and New Nonroad Spark-Ignition Engines at or Below 19 Kilowatts" (RIN: 2060-AE54).
Further, NIST has issued numerous Federal Information Processing Standards, as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and techniques entitled An Introduction to Computer Security: The NIST Handbook, Special Publication 800-12, December 1995, and Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems,3 published in September 1996.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration (FDA), entitled "Over-the-Counter Human Drugs; Labeling Requirements" (RIN: 0910-AA79).
