But would it be a fair statement to say in the normal experience that newspaper reporters might spend five, ten, or fifteen minutes interviewing a person and then only put one line of that interview in an article?
While Harvard may cost a fair deal more than a local community college, the Harvard grad leaves with an education that almost guarantees him or her a job that will equip him or her to both pay off the loan and pay more in taxes.
Even if the judge tries his best to be fair and unbiased, he can never be sure of his own motives.
It is significant to note that even at the possible cost of the presidency, the right to fair hearing and enabling unconcealed information to the citizenry [ sic ] have been remarkably upheld in this case.
Only some of them receive help from the Civil Court's Self-Representation Office, which Dean Glen termed a "valiant attempt" at fair resolution.
And attending a state fair.
Our community-based study showed that PSA testing had fair discriminating power for detecting prostate cancer with an area under the ROC curve of 0.67.
fair value of facilities and equipment donated to the government; and
Vila Franca de Xira: October Fair: ancient fair that includes bull running, fair, and bullfights (first two weeks).
She's fair to both sides.
Since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years' worth of support, it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about attempting to remain childless.
To be fair, I want to pass on to you a complaint that I do find valid, so you can better judge the situation.
(To be fair, the Times piece does mention other forces, but I still find it an unambitious mishmash.)
Of course, Shlaes could honestly argue what she really believes: Making the rich pay higher tax rates than the poor is just not fair, dammit.
The Turkish Daily News quoted British Prime Minister Tony Blair as bizarrely describing the EU communiqué on Turkey as "[a] way for Europe not to turn its back, but its face to Turkey," and an unnamed EU spokeswoman as saying, even more bizarrely: "If this was a fair world, Turks would have been rejoicing in Ankara."
Within a day’s walk are a lake and streams with good fishing, especially for trout, and you’ll have a fair chance of spotting some of the park’s wildlife, too — bobcats, coyotes, golden eagles, black bear, spotted skunk, and cougar.
Most of us already speak a fair amount of Yiddish (Yinglish) without fully realizing it.
You’ll find a full range of sports offered: from tennis, windsurfing, and waterskiing to snorkeling and diving — however it is fair to say that the underwater world so close to the capital can be disappointing.
(To be fair, though, I did believe it when McConaughey's callow, mushy character is later hired by the Clinton White House as a spiritual adviser.)
But this presented a new testing challenge, namely that anything in the street in New York City is fair game.
It's a fair cop: I think all taxpayers should pay the same rate of tax.
To give this dialogue the semblance of a fair fight, allow me to delineate at least some things that I think Rosen and his allies get right.
High praise is tidy middling and middling is very fair!
The amount of intake varies from state to state--California and New York get about $25 billion each, while smaller states get just $1 billion--although exact amounts are not fully determined because the federal government, as a major contributor to states' Medicaid services, is wrangling for its fair share of the dividend.
A number of hangar-type halls used during the year by commercial exhibitors at fairs line a central pedestrian avenue leading upwards to the vast Palau Nacional, the fair’s Spanish pavilion.
Most of the 130-odd sources are, quite naturally, UK in origin and persuasion, with a fair sprinkling of US periodicals; others looked at include Australia, Canada, Malaysia, Turkey, Hong Kong, and France (for The International Herald Tribune ). Ayto writes well, and his Introduction (actually, to get fussy about it, Foreword or Preface) sets forth clearly the aims and purposes of this collection of neologisms.
Annually, the Federal Government provides funding to state and local governments for the purchase, the construction, or the major renovation of physical property owned by state and local governments; additionally, from time to time, the Federal Government transfers PP&amp;E to these governments in exchange for less than fair value.
But they are especially concerned with developing uniform, consistent, and fair tax treatment by state and local authorities.
If the tribals captured Bin Ladin, the officer assured them that he would receive a fair trial under U.S. law and be treated humanely.
The sizes of statistical fluctuations familiar from statistical physics scale as the square root of the number of particles, N. Consider tossing a fair coin 10,000 times.
Rather, it constitutes what publishers call a “package,” that is, it contains a fair amount of lexicographic material but little or nothing that is original.
If a writer is, by definition, one who writes a fair amount and does so professionally (for which read “gets paid for it”), I suppose I can call myself a writer.
Shortly after this, North used the terms revenue producers and deserving of fair just reasonable compensation . These phrases are two more synonyms for profit that alter our perception a little.
(1) the establishment and maintenance of a fair and equitable schedule;
The 2 pain studies are of fair to poor quality.
She accepts that all these versions of Woolf are more or less fair.
To be fair, M&amp;S also criticize identifications (mainly from news stories) of women as “mother of five” and other gratuitous characterizations that are not only irrelevant to the item's newsworthiness but are rarely offered about men.
It stated that ranking 31st in federal funds per pupil meant that somehow California was not getting its "fair share."
Which was only fair, because he seemed to be salivating less over America's new golden girls than over his giant tub of fried something or other--popcorn?
Many CEOs decide on what they perceive to be a fair level of pay, add $10 million to give themselves some maneuvering room, and then present their outsized demands to a board of directors that they hand-picked.
The major festivals discussed below are joined by the Film Festival, the Jazz and Blues Festival, and the Book Festival (said to be the biggest public book fair in the world).
Trying to be fair, I cooked up a test or two.
The Scots have traditionally hosted “the best New Year celebrations in the world,” and Edinburgh has expanded the one night into a five-night Hogmanay Festival of torchlight parades, street theater, and food fair in the days before 31 December (website: <www.edinburghshogmanay.org>).
Yet, the very effort to secure this fair representation of all voting groups threatens both the sense of common nationhood in the United States and calls into question the integrity of individual decision making in democratic elections.
Well actually, to be fair, it was made by Matt Drudge, in his May 20th Report.
This is not fair to womankind.
Stewardship information will be necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and results of operations.
Having now defined the dimensionality of the adjacent possible and noted that the biosphere and universe as a whole is vastly nonergodic, hence, kinetically trapped in a small region of its total space of possibilities, it is fair to wonder whether general laws may govern this nonergodic flow.
That makes government spending a fair target for your indignation.
3) Chelsea is fair game because she's an adult and a public figure.
These films have been derided as "teensploitation," but I don't think the description is fair.
In that respect, some participants felt that FASB is marching toward a "fair value" path and cautioned that the fair value reporting model is not always good and needs to be used only where it really makes sense.
The area under the ROC curve was 0.67, indicating fair discriminating power for detecting prostate cancer.
A benefit of Tennessee's fair housing efforts (noted earlier) is that LSC-funded programs in Mississippi, in collaboration with West Tennessee Legal Services, will receive a three-year HUD grant of $350,000 to develop and administer a fair housing initiative in Mississippi.
I did catch the debate last night, as well as a fair amount of post-game analysis.
To effectively support the Congress, GAO must be professional, objective, fact-based, nonpartisan, nonideological, fair, and balanced in all its work.
To be fair, you can make a better case on behalf of the New Paradigm than on behalf of the hapless Glassman.
--The cost of property, plant, and equipment (PP&amp;E) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the PP&amp;E surrendered at the time of exchange.
To be fair, this last neurosis extends beyond McPhee.
So, to give the theory a fair chance, we have to look for more significant differences between men's and women's clothing.
The tax is based on property's "fair market value ," which is a malleable concept and notoriously underestimated by professional estate appraisers.
In fact, as we shall see, natural languages contain a fair amount of redundancy.
‘The great advantage over advertising is that the airtime is practically free, and there is no fair balance to worry about’ she writes [2].
Guided by the belief that access to quality legal services is critical to a fair adversarial justice system and committed to making significant improvements in their delivery, the LSC Board of Directors approved and enacted Strategic Directions 2000-2005 in January 2000.
And this year was the first time they ever got to go to the county fair."
The Plaça Sant Josep Oriol has a weekend art fair with artists selling watercolors and oil paintings.
Well, in this brave new world, if you have a screen name, you're fair game."
We will use any means necessary to achieve this end, including competition, both fair and unfair, wholesale buying up of potential rivals, strategic partnerships and alliances, strategic betrayals of partners and allies, theft, bribery, murder, and, if necessary, putting out a high-quality product.
Bush outlined his "core, conservative principles"--"limited government," "low taxes," "free and fair trade," "local control of schools," "strong families," and "personal responsibility."
Do know, however, that your situation is not unusual--hence the name of a best seller: Prozac Nation . Prudie would even give you odds that of those you pursue, a fair number will be chemically balanced themselves.
The difference between the cost of the PP&amp;E acquired and its fair value is recognized as a loss.
"Here's what strikes Miss Manners as a fair division of labor," she writes on her favorite subject, child rearing: "She will nag adults to teach manners to children, and everyone else will find them the time in which to do this."
So that it would be a fair statement that even though what you were reading in the newspapers got you upset, that you never personally attended one of the board meetings in that year?
A few hundred boisterous Texans--mostly men, middle-aged or above, with a fair number of angry young rednecks and dotty old women--filled the cramped banquet room of a run-down motor lodge in "downtown" Kilgore.
As for your particular question about Ally McBeal skirts and ladies minus underwear, Prudie feels these people do not purchase their clothes in the dark, so whatever is able to be seen is fair game for whatever response feels natural.
And our ideas of what constitutes a fair wage or a fair return on capital are historically contingent.
An editorial in the Pioneer of India said that "the polling, it is true, has not in all cases been as peaceful or free and fair as it should be in an ideal situation, but then nobody has ever suggested that Indian politics today even remotely approximated the ideal."
A drawback of this simple definition of 'healthy' is that it does not distinguish between fair or poor health and death, since all are considered 'not healthy'.
This would create the appearance of media fair play without doing either of our favorites much damage.
Critics protested that 1) the heroin look faded from fashion magazines months ago; 2) heroin use is far less common than Clinton suggested; and 3) it's not fair to blame drug abuse on advertisers.
Since acquisitions almost universally occur at a price above the current market price, and since bidding wars (of all kinds) tend to drive prices far above fair value, investors have jumped into the drug stocks, assuming that merger-mania has to be good for them.
5 - 82), and fair for those looking at pain (45.
One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair, complete, and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others, as may be appropriate.
The life of purity, the supreme fair, Ere he arrive his weary', noontide prick.
"Nothing about this process has been fair.
There are also a fair share of gleeful gambling regulators, bookmakers, and casino employees among the panels of expert witnesses the commission hears from.
I suppose it's only fair that girls win equal rights to good old, solipsistic Desire No.
If the fair value of the PP&amp;E acquired is less than the fair value of the PP&amp;E surrendered, the PP&amp;E acquired is recognized at its cost and subsequently reduced to its fair value.
In doing so, we may be eliminating any predictable connection between creators and a fair reward for the utility or pleasure others may find in their works."
If Oprah Winfrey were a top government official--and a fair bit of America probably wishes she were--she would be Alan Greenspan.
The breach of equal treatment need not be feared, and information on the distribution of potential voting blocks serves the cause of securing fair representation of all major groups in American society.
If the fair value of the PP&amp;E acquired is more readily determinable than that of the PP&amp;E surrendered, the cost is the fair value of the PP&amp;E acquired.
You can survey the variety of goods available in Beijing (from crafts and souvenirs to jewelry and carpets) and determine their fair market prices by visiting the city’s most comprehensive department store for tourists, the Friendship Store, located well east of the Forbidden City (at 17 Jianguomenwai Dajie).
Microsoft does engage in some anti-competitive practices, such as not allowing resellers to disclose contract terms, and the Department of Justice is doing a fair job of policing such activity.
Would the grits be ducks, or are they fair game for News Quiz scorn?
Participants acknowledged that accounting standards have changed to capture fair value in addition to historical value, resulting in a model that is now a mixture of the two, whereas the original financial statement model was based solely on historical costs.
The Leland Act amendments: (1) simplify the household definition; (2) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center; (3) exclude from resources the value of vehicles used to transport fuel or water; (4) increase the fair market value exclusion of vehicles for determining a household's resource limit; (5) exclude certain General Assistance vendor payments; (6) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents; (7) increase the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction; (8) eliminate the current
My focus is to be fair to all sides.
In conjunction with the agency's mission and core values, GAO must, among other things, be professional, objective, factbased, nonpartisan, nonideological, fair, and balanced in all of its audit, investigation, and evaluation work.
But even in those cases where magazines speak openly for the owner's point of view, it's not fair to assume that a third party with whom the owner sympathizes calls the shots.
