I am a canon builder," he told me.
But I told the third person that I am only telling you once.
And I remember talking to my husband about that in the car ride home, as well, because we're both teachers and I was -- when I hear things like that, I immediately think of my students, and I was thinking about the diverse group of students that I have in my classroom, who all have different religious viewpoints, and how difficult that would be to tell one student that, you know, we can't express your belief, but we can express that person's belief in the classroom.
At 11:15, Secretary Rumsfeld spoke to the President and told him DOD was working on refining the rules of engagement so pilots would have a better understanding of the circumstances under which an aircraft could be shot down.
(A Greenwich, Conn., calligrapher tells me that Tiffany &amp; Co. also repackages Crane's paper.)
Manufacturers have told us that hand-cutting with skilled cutters is as accurate as computer-cutting.
Please tell us your name.
Ashcroft told us that he established a "hold until cleared" policy because of the high rate of flight from deportation proceedings.
A longtime FAA security official described the air carriers' approach to security regulation as "decry, deny and delay" and told us that while "the air carriers had seen the enlightened hand of self-interest with respect to safety, they hadn't seen it in the security arena."
Economics tells us most likely, yes.
As for the Margalit Fox article you mention, I did read it and found it an interesting summary of what we might call "the linguist's dilemma": People want linguists to tell them how to be correct, but at the same time, they resist intervention, taking the attitude, "Who are you to tell me what to do?"
Secretary Rumsfeld told us he was just gaining situational awareness when he spoke with the Vice President at 10:39.
Bin Ladin routinely told important visitors to expect significant attacks against U.S. interests soon and, during a speech at the al Faruq camp, exhorted trainees to pray for the success of an attack involving 20 martyrs.
The Bible tells us that the cruelty and impiety of the rulers of both kingdoms aroused the fury of the great Prophets.
Yet photography tells us very little about how a building fulfills its function, or about how it is built.
Now, tell us what you can recall of the June 14th, board meeting.
But then, like an endearment to a beloved one, they will murmur “pashmina” and spread before you a shawl of soft, warm wool shorn, they tell you, from the underbelly of the wild Himalayan goats.
In preparation for briefing the Senate RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 127 Select Committee on Intelligence on September 2, Tenet was told that the intelligence community knew more about Bin Ladin's network"than about any other top tier terrorist organization."
The tomb was abandoned when Amenophis abandoned Thebes and made a new capital at Tell el-Amarna to the north.
The statue in the center of the plaza tells the real story of the town, though.
The path-breaking professionals tend to stare defiantly into the camera: Imagine telling Dorothy A. Richman, a rabbinical student wrapped in phylacteries and holding a Torah, that she can't serve God!
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center, a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs.
Meanwhile, the National Review online is reporting that a Dean Acheson anecdote McCain has been telling in debates is wrong.
He told us he recalled Iraqi support for Palestinian suicide terrorists as well.
It is too soon to tell how effective Customs' reorganization will be in responding to the pressures it faces.
Photos and documents tell the life story of the physician-revolutionary-statesman, who lived for a time in Macau, but never in this building.
The chair of the religion department told the Chronicle of Higher Education that some students were "a little agitated" by the professor's message but added that no disciplinary action would be taken.
. and she said, 'I don't want you ever to tell anybody.
And can you tell us what it is?
At 10:33, Hadley told the air threat conference call: "I need to get word to Dick Myers that our reports are there's an inbound aircraft flying low 5 miles out.
The consensus is that both parties have once again fed us our dessert (while telling us it's nourishing and fat-free) instead of our spinach.
Members told us that they believed that the information sharing their organizations engaged in contributed to the overall security of the nation's critical infrastructures-an effort that they viewed as being in their own self-interest, as well as that of others.
"You're fat and I hate fat men," she told him.
She clutched her head in disbelief as she told the roundtable that doctors would come up to her with patients' charts asking her for advice on treating patients.
A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill's help.
"But sources tell Time that Julie Hiatt Steele, once a close friend of Willey's, signed an affidavit last Friday, at the request of Clinton's lawyers, suggesting that the encounter may have been more innocent than Willey claims and that Willey asked her to lie about it."
We don't even have to be told what the bill is anymore; we may not know all the details, but we know--and the pictures tell us--that it's designed to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and unstable loners.
"Something about your face makes me want to tell the truth."
The whole story is told in perfect pictorial balance, and with El Greco’s penchant for long, heaven-gazing faces and characteristic colors.
As the CIA supervisor "John" told us, no one looked at the bigger picture; no analytic work foresaw the lightning that could connect the thundercloud to the ground.
So, as I imagined Darwin telling us in chapter 1, “The winning natural games are the games the winning species play.”
I told him about canalyzing functions.
They told the press that censure wasn't "strong" enough and that Democrats were trying to turn the findings proposal into "a partisan issue" because "they're scared to death of it."
Rice's recollection was that Berger told her she would be surprised at how much more time she was going to spend on terrorism than she expected, but that the bulk of their conversation dealt with the faltering Middle East peace process and North Korea.
Simply tell him you hate like hell to hurt his feelings, but you and Larry use these gatherings to catch up, and a third party simply changes the dynamic.
Inspector General of the Department ofTransportation told us, there were great pressures from the air carriers to control security costs and to "limit the impact of security requirements on aviation operations, so that the industry could concentrate on its primary mission of moving passengers and aircraft.
Hadley told us that before 9/11, he and Rice did not feel they had the job of coordinating domestic agencies.
He indicated that high-level UAE officials would agree to restrict Afghan flights but told him that the government had a difficult time enforcing this.
[US readers should be told that the spellings and pronunciations (given in IPA--International Phonetic Alphabet) are British.
], who runs Robbie Vinson's Night Line and refers to himself in the third person, is often very unpleasant indeed, and some of the conversations cited in the article (especially one in which a caller was told that if he didn't like Britain he should get out) smack strongly of his acerbic, dyspeptic, often rude manner.
All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity (and, truth be told, with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open.
It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls, a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper: "The president loves to schmooze on the phone."
We are pleased to tell you of a very exciting development with the fund, which has reached a market value of $750,000.
After all, on his return he told of being attacked by insects as big as chickens.
For instance, the way to tell if a person is a witch is to stick two needles in the form of a cross into the sill above a door; if the person in the room is a witch, she won’t be able to leave the room.
Skidelsky's book, believe it or not, is actually quite absorbing: Although he was an economist, Keynes led an interesting life--though, to tell the truth, what I personally found myself envying was the way he managed to change the world without having to visit quite so much of it.
Bird goaded and inspired his own teammates, and they heeded him: If he told a teammate to do something, he did it.
A lack of sleep can always be remedied later, a Madrileño might tell you, as he tops off a late night with early-morning chocolate con curros (a fried-dough and chocolate snack ideal for absorbing alcohol) on the way home for a shower and then continues on to work.
The CIA had a very different attitude: Pavitt told us that while the CIA's Bin Ladin unit did"extraordinary and commendable work," his chief of station in London "was just as much part of the al Qaeda struggle as an officer sitting in [the Bin Ladin unit]."
German agreed but told the redhead he'd better get out of there when the linemen came out.
But, he told us, he now wondered how that action was connected to what might need to be done in Somalia, Yemen, or Iraq.
Bin Ladin told Binalshibh to instruct Atta and the others to focus on their security and that of the operation, and to advise Atta to proceed as planned with the targets discussed before Atta left Afghanistan in early 2000-the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, the White House, and the Capitol.
Evolution implies "there is no divine intelligence involved," he told reporters last week.
Diego told her of his sick uncle and of the request from the bishop.
Additionally, says the paper, the day after giving his Jones case deposition, Clinton told Currie that he had never been alone with Monica Lewinsky and that he had resisted her sexual advances.
After all, if Bush really believes that accepting Jesus is the only path to salvation, he is pulling a pretty dirty trick on Jews by telling them otherwise.
Wei himself told the press: "We think the police behavior is without reason.
In fact, the White House says that when the FBI briefed National Security Council staffers on the subject, the FBI told the staffers specifically not to pass information to higher-ups.
"Never mind the proof, that's for sissies and appeals courts," South tells the interrogators. "
An old college friend of mine who celebrated his twentieth birthday—meaning twenty years of AA sobriety—a couple of years ago, tells me that when he was on the skids and riding the rails from drunk tank to drunk tank, the favorite terms for muscat were muscadoodle and Napa Valley smoke .
I once heard a Frenchman in Madrid tell a couple of Spanish shop clerks a joke that illustrates the difference between adieu `goodbye' and au revoir : At the Rio de Janeiro airport the planes of various countries were taking off one after another, and the terminal was crowded with passengers and with friends and relatives seeing loved ones off.
Tell the maids and cooks and butlers
The drum (since replaced) told the time and warned the citizens of danger.
13 These postures seem to be the mirror opposite of European practices, where the state readily provides subsidies for religious schools, but would not consider using religious symbols on its money or even using the Bible in court to administer the oath to “tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.”
The FBI told us they found no trace of explosives at the crash sites.
Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations, security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls.
Within the FAA, the administrator, Jane Garvey, and her acting deputy, Monte Belger, had not been told of a confirmed hijacking before they learned from television that a plane had crashed.
I do find it telling that Hillary's latest theory about Bill's "abuse" as a child is the kind of psychological claptrap that gives liberalism a bad name.
One expert witness (not a member of the administration) told us that this is perhaps the single largest obstacle impeding the department's successful development.
All committees found themselves swamped in the minutiae of the budget process, with little time for consideration of longer-term questions, or what many members past and present told us was the proper conduct of oversight.
After reviewing this matter in preparation for his Commission meeting, President Clinton told us that Sudan never offered to turn Bin Ladin over to the United States.
Inside, it’s one thing to remember what your teacher told you about static electricity, and quite another to touch (without risk) the Centre’s 500,000-volt sphere and see your hair stand on end.
Tripp should have told Ms.
Shelton told President Clinton he would go forward with "boots on the ground" if the President ordered him to do so; however, he had to ensure that the President was completely aware of the large logistical problems inherent in a military operation.
It’s easy to tell that they are not: Printed patterns don’t penetrate fully to the other side, while the real batik will show thin veins of color where the dye runs along tiny cracks in the wax (printed versions may try to simulate this).
Room three is devoted to the so-called heretic period of Egyptian history when Ahkenaten established a religion based on only one god and founded a capital at Tell al Amarna in central Egypt.
And they must advance an argument about why human nature, which has presumably evolved in response to an enormous array of random forces, tells us anything about what is good or desirable in terms of the traits humans should possess.
He told us he recalled Iraqi support for Palestinian suicide terrorists as well.
The commander of Central Command, General Franks, told us that he did not regard the existing plans as serious.
It tells us that Abraham made a covenant with God which called for his descendants to conquer many lands.
One told his colleague in Malaysia that "they" were in the "ninth month [of pregnancy]."
Glancing at a printout in his hand, he tells his assistant, "Forget about the Iraqi women in black!
5 He also told her that he thought there were terrorist cells within the United States, including al Qaeda.
The notes indicate that he also told Myers that he was not simply interested in striking empty training sites.
On the upper floors (once the royal chambers) there is an exhibition telling the story of the royal regalia.
The cautious tell you not to drive in Naples, where one-way signs are meaningless, parking is impossible, traffic is relentless, and red and green lights can be purely decorative.
Finkelstein told me Goldhagen was just another Peters.
"It was very, very important" to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that "it cannot use or export them to other countries," he told Associated Press Television News.
In Riyadh, he told his brothers that he had been on jihad in Chechnya.
We weren't going fast enough,"Armitage told us.
