They settled in the Alentejo, along the Tagus river, and in the Algarve (which they named al-Gharb, or “Western Land”).
Yuck Yuck: We should back the Republican proposal to rename Washington National Airport in honor of Ronald Reagan, said Bill "Shecky" Kristol on This Week , just to "annoy" Democrats like Stephanopoulos every time they land in D.C.
Movie -- Cop Land ;
The Civil Rights Act of 1875, Section 1, provided that all persons should enjoy equal access to “inns, public conveyances on land or water, theaters, and other places of public amusement” regardless of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
The electric chair came to the state in the middle of the first great Florida land boom, when Florida was conjuring itself up out of the sea of grass.
The Jordan Times Monday praised the American-born Queen Noor for Jordan's progress in getting rid of anti-personnel land mines in the country.
It seems the land controversy started this month around the 100th anniversary of an agreement reached between British colonialists and some Masai elders.
Stewardship land shall be quantified in terms of physical units (for example, acres) rather than in monetary terms.
On the following page is a summary of the stewardship land by category of major use, broken down within each category by principal holding agency, at September 30, 199Z.
After about 650 b.c., Greek traders entered the competition to exploit Spain’s rich mineral deposits and fertile land.
In winter, the sea temperature makes it a little too cold for diving, but many visitors still enjoy swimming in waters warmer than at home, and all land activities are thoroughly enjoyable with the addition of a jacket or sweater.
Packaged teas are quite affordable in the land that invented this drink.
THE WORLD'S MOST DANGEROUS PLACES, The Hard-Core Adventurers Guide to Getting in, Getting Around, and Getting Out , by Robert Young Pelton and Coskun Aral: "This guide is packed with inside info on how to make your way though hot spots, war zones and lethal lands, whether it's Bosnia, Botswana or the South Bronx."
Proponents of an Arctic gas pipeline passing through Indian lands in the Mackenzie Valley to northern Alberta argued that the Dene need revenues from the pipeline to escape poverty, and that in any case they no longer have an autonomous culture.
Some of the buildings date from the 16th century, but it is also lined with buildings of almost every era, including numerous 17th- and 18th-century tenements called “lands,” sometimes 13 stories high.

The island was needed as a military base but was too small for that purpose, so extra land was reclaimed from the sea to create a land area big enough for an air base and naval station.
India is exhilarating, exhausting, and infuriating — a land where, you’ll find, the practicalities of daily life overlay the mysteries that popular myth attaches to India.
The number of Arawak had already fallen dramatically, so the Spanish began to import slaves from Africa to work the land; the first Africans arrived in 1517.
Pervez Musharraf's plane land last month--an event that triggered a military coup orchestrated by Musharraf.
The massive Chioninji is home to the Jodo (“Pure Land”) Buddhist sect, which in the 12th century spread the appeal of Buddhism to the uneducated classes.
Although there are no reliable accounts of this period, third-century Chinese documents speak of a Japanese priestess-queen, Himiko, ruling over a land of law-abiding people who enjoyed alcohol and were divided into classes distinguished by tattoo marks.
The blockade finally ended in May 1949, and West Berlin became a Land linked administratively with, but thus far not politically incorporated into, the new Federal Republic of Germany.

The last 100 million years have seen both a substantial steepening in latitudinal diversity gradients and the fragmentation of continental land masses (Crame 2001).
Be that as it may, a later Australian visitor to English drizzle might feel nostalgic when thinking of the parched and thirsty but water-obsessed vocabulary developed in the drier areas of our sunburnt land.
Hundreds--and quite possibly thousands--of dogs, cats, and other domestic pets are killed by poisoning each year in this cradle of European civilization, this sun-soaked land of vines and olives and cypresses.
It says a lot for the attractions of life in California — and the optimism of those who continue to enjoy it — that despite this dire prediction, millions of people still seek their future in the Golden State’s promised land.
Alternating 600 to 200 million years ago between dry land and sea, the region developed a plant and animal life that decayed to form the oil, coal, and natural gas at the base of the province’s modern prosperity.
In a land where politeness is important, per favore (please), grazie (thank you), prego (don’t mention it), and, when pushing through a bus or market, permesso (excuse me) will be greatly appreciated.
If you come expecting a nightmarish land of charter flights, tour buses, and beer-stained beach hangouts, you may be shocked at how remote and undeveloped many parts of these small islands remain.
The pressure on the land becomes less intense, so rural wages rise; the pool of unemployed urban dwellers always anxious for work shrinks, so factories start to compete with each other for workers, and urban wages also begin to rise.
We Americans, fearful of Sputnik, land men and mass on the moon.
We selected the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) because they used a set of balanced expectations to manage the performance of all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the OPM requirement.
"While we are laughing, the seed of some trouble is put into the wide arable land of events," he wrote in 1819.
If the land itself is the most obvious source of French pride, the nation’s cultural wealth is just as important.
They wanted nothing more complicated than to pursue their trade as they saw fit on their own land.
Excluded from the definition of land are the natural resources (that is, depletable resources such as mineral deposits and petroleum; renewable resources such as timber, and the outer-continental shelf resources) related to land.
The federal government is the outright owner of most of the land in Alaska and has financial responsibilities the same as any other landlord.
Land.
The N-340 crosses a vast and dreary plain where every available piece of level land has been covered by ugly plastic greenhouses that produce much of Europe’s winter vegetables.
The Sinai is a wild and dramatically beautiful land pointing south out into the Red Sea.
The issue of land sales has a long history as a subtheme of the Jewish-Arab struggle.
Residents along the corridor worry that the highway would open up huge areas of land for new development.
It is the most undulating of the islands; one could even call it hilly, with the highest point of land in the Commonwealth, Mount Alvernia, rising to the heady heights of 216 ft (66m) above sea level.
I would follow her by land and by sea
As we explained in our June 22 letter, the Counsel failed to supply any evidence from the statutory language, legislative history, or case law to support the assertion that Congress intended the phrase "existing law" to exclude the Constitution, the highest law of the land.
For example, measurement may be on the basis of physical units, such as acres of land.
Not so with trendy new items like Lands' End's $395 "ultimate cashmere sweater."
Northwest Indians lived in a land of vast abundance, the streams flush with fish, the forest thick with game.
Jewish land purchases were not the primary factor, these historians say.
The Prado is the town’s principal thoroughfare, a palm-lined boulevard that takes you down to the spit of land protruding into the bay past smart waterside villas.
It was unclear, however, whether the strain(s) responsible for the infections had a common environmental source lasting for several years or if certain individuals or pets became persistent carriers and continued to expose others even after land application ceased.
Under a 99-year lease, the US acquired about one-tenth of the land area of Bermuda for the development of naval and air bases, modernizing the defenses of Britain’s “Gibraltar of the West.”
West Jerusalem, separated from the rest of the new Jewish nation, held out under siege for several months until Israeli forces secured a land corridor connecting the city to the coastal areas.
On dry land, government projects haven't fared much better.
In the 18th century a Capuchin monastery occupied land all around the monument and the interior of the base was used as a guest room.
In the past, death threats have done little to deter sales of land.
His warrior successor, Ramses I, heralded the start of the 19th Dynasty to be followed by Seti I 1291–1279 b.c. who won back many of the lands lost during the Akhenaten years.
The implication was that all land would be freely alienable, without being burdened by the residual control of lords higher in the feudal chain.
As the Balkans flared to war once again, Greek nationalism has stirred, and there have been discussions in the kafeneion about the land of Macedonia returning to the fold of its forefathers.
In 1670 the Spanish officially ceded Jamaica to British rule as part of the Treaty of Madrid, and the British began a systematic process of settlement, offering land and aid to prospective settlers.
(The study did show that in countries that adopted land reform growth was more equitable.)
While Byzantine land was being divided, there was no one in control of the seas, so pirates raided towns on many of the islands.
The air-dispersion model indicated that adverse effects from exposure to airborne pollutants from the land application site could not be ruled out as a cause of adverse health effects.
Dressed in his maroon robes and beatific smile, the Dalai Lama--the Ocean of Wisdom, the Protector of the Land of Snows, the White Lotus--symbolizes all that's right with the East and wrong with the West.
Inland from the Côte Fleurie the countryside reflects the popular image of Normandy: orchards, rolling valleys, and massive timbered manor houses, the land where apples are turned into cider and Calvados, and dairies churn out pungent, creamy Camem­bert, Livarot, and Pont-l’Evêque.
“Such a land,” said Rudyard Kipling in 1908, “is good for an energetic man.
Stewardship Land - land other than that acquired for or in connection with general PP&amp;E.
The Israeli cabinet agreed in principle to cede more land to Palestinians.
-Investments in stewardship land,8 that is, land not acquired for or in connection with general property, plant, and equipment, for example, national forests, parks, and historic sites.
When Alexander went on to conquer lands as far to the east as India, the Aegean became a crossroads for the long trading routes.
, stewardship land), or probability of being destroyed in use (e.g.
Consider Lands’ End once more.
The price of land was soaring, and developers could make a tidy profit by demolishing them and replacing them with something modern.
Much of the land is extremely fertile and produces a range of tropical fruit and vegetable crops, providing ample food for the people and such lucrative cash crops as sugar and coffee.
"Only the United States understands us, and not, as many people think, because there is a big Jewish community there, but because they see us as the new promised land, like their own America."
The Great South Land was to prove extraordinarily rich in new species, some of which, like the kangaroo, had an irresistible novelty about them; at the same time they were as numerous as sheep in England and as useful to man.
In place of land came water, surging in to fill the 11-km (7-mile) long void and causing massive tidal waves around the Mediterranean Sea.
Complete districts from that time are still in place, replete with multi-story houses (called tenements or “lands”), churches, taverns, and tollhouses.
With the subsequent development of new navigational techniques, it was no longer necessary to stay within sight of land.
Interestingly, bees flying 200 m over water hardly appeared to register an increase in travel distance, whereas the same increase in distance flown over land resulted in a substantial increase in perceived flight distance.
The land of Upper Egypt sits in the south of the country, and it takes its name because it is up-river of the Cairo and Nile Delta area, which are known as Lower Egypt.
The house, one of the oldest on Bermuda, was built around 1725 on land bought by John Trimingham II.
These provided the basis for Hinduism; also, the epics’ heroic battles suggest there was a prolonged struggle for land rights over the fertile plains north and east of modern Delhi, followed by invasions and wars.
The long, disjointed document condemned the Saudi monarchy for allowing the presence of an army of infidels in a land with the sites most sacred to Islam, and celebrated recent suicide bombings of American military facilities in the Kingdom.
This encourages peasants to move in and begin farming the land.
These lands were poles apart from England in every possible way.
Muscat, or muscatel, on the other hand, is found on skid rows all over the land.
5 TPC is defined as the sum total of all costs associated with a project's planning, development, design, construction, outfitting, and startup, not including land costs.
During her lifetime, 69–30 b.c. , the infamous queen attempted to link her land to Rome through her liaison with Julius Caesar.
Yesterday's special issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association , on obesity, lands on the fronts of the Post , NYT , and LAT . Every paper spins it differently.
This description recognizes that as yet unalienated land might have been used as wild pasture, just as an 1867 critic of bureaucratese can complain that the Crown lands are very frequently, in Government phrase, styled the waste lands of the Crown... [though] they cannot... with propriety be called waste lands, for they are applied to the only purpose, speaking of them in general, to which they can ever be applied--grazing.
Affirmative action (even for athletes and preppies) sometimes has a place in this land of second chances, where anyone can grow up to be president.
genome can tell them about the difference between photosynthesis on land and in the sea.
One main reason: Some 1 million Mexicans enter the country's workforce every year, greatly increasing the labor surplus in a land where unemployment and underemployment were estimated by the U.S.
. On the other is Al Gore, notable for (as you put it about JFK Jr.) not living up to his Fair Deal hero father's high standards of integrity and cojones . How can these two turkeys be our leading candidates for the highest office in the land?
The list is decidedly Brit-heavy, with citations for Elizabeth I (Best Leader), Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn (Best Sex Scandal), the purchase of the Suez Canal (Best Land Deal), and Adm.
STEWARDSHIP LAND ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION
Just simple farmers seeking a place in the sun to work a piece of land, the pioneers came at a time when territorial expansion was much in vogue — the French in the Pacific and Algeria, the British in Africa and the Far East.
