Well, if you can imagine these things, I know you can imagine that even in the atmosphere of love that Wanda created, the children began to have trouble.
And, as we know, the logical consequence of this is that we "queers" in our indolence have seen through the canard of vulgar Marxism.
Not a real party, with people she knew, but a Party party, the kind with spotlights outside that shuts a neighborhood down.
How do they know the Sheikhs?
I know we are all grateful for the benefits received from our education.
This is no criticism, and is widely known and appreciated.
In other words, only one of them doesn't know him, and most know him extremely well.
Spittal Pond is well known for providing rest and recuperation for birds blown off course on long migratory routes: it is possible to spot unusual species that have drifted off their normal routes.
Earlier, on page 49, we learnt about Agnodice, “who lived to become the world's first known woman gynaecologist,” in the fourth century BC.
Then they established four distinct categories known as varna (literally, “color”).
The prince, known as Bonnie Prince Charlie (the grandson of James VII), raised an army of Jacobite highlanders and swept through Scotland.
In response to the letter from Mrs. Maughan S. Mason [XXI, 4, 17] regarding the odor emanating from Pozzuoli (Naples), I did not know there was a refinery there, but I do know that it's a sulfur area (probably a bath in ancient times), and it does smell to high heaven.
I don't know that scientifically I'm qualified to say, you know, that I believe many scientific concepts because I'm -- I'm not a scientist.
What about “knowing”?
I would think that the words grand and stretch would be known to more people than two of the words the author gives as being familiar ( chippy and hootch ).
Did you know that the combined efforts of all literacy programs in the country reach only ten percent of adults with reading problems?
Do any readers happen to know where to find him?
These are artists who are either emerging as leaders in their fields or who have already become well known.
And bark paintings are known in the terms in which they are characterized by the European eye, as dot or X-ray paintings.
Yet we hardly know how to say what this propagation and elaboration of organization and process is, nor have we a clue about whether there may be general laws that govern such self-constructing nonequilibrium processes.
Braga is known for its churches, but it has many splendid Baroque mansions as well.
In their enlightened self-interest, they supported this fledgling organization, knowing it would benefit the city as a whole.
36 Historically, finishing operations were often undertaken by separate firms known as converters, which played a large role in the design of finished goods.
He sent a note to a doctor he knew: "Bleeding, Great Moscow No.
Because these tales were not—as far as we know—collected in the Renaissance and because, like ballads and songs, they must have been subject to endless variation and mutual interference, we cannot now know the Pedro de Urdemalas who endeared himself to the folk” (218).
We know that the quality of the people is more important than the quality of the wiring diagrams.
," says the scrambled voice she knows as the rasp of Lemmy's urgency.
It is not known if the play was ever performed, but the portrayal of Murrieta is moving and especially interesting because of all the negative publicity following his capture and death.
Known for its outstanding offshore coral reefs, it’s the favorite with divers and snorkelers.
The Branch's goals focus on increasing the percentage of youth who: Grow into mentally and physically healthy adults; Know how to structure their lives in ways that produce meaning and enjoyment; Plan their high school program to allow them to qualify for future higher education, even if the current goals are vocational; Use non-violent conflict resolution skills when needed; Reach adulthood without being involved in alcohol, tobacco and other drug use; Are able to develop and achieve their goals and aspirations.
Rather more highbrow entertainment is on offer in the angle between Market Street and Van Ness Avenue, where there is a sprawling complex of municipal, state, and federal buildings known collectively as the Civic Center.
Does a bacterium know how to make a living in its world?
The complex of buildings — still a working hospital — is one of modernisme’s most underrated (and least known) achievements.

Throughout their vast distribution, the Inuit speak a single language (Inuktitut), although a number of dialects are known.
Julius Rebek, a chemist now at the Scripps Institute, is fond of saying that the biggest molecule he knows of is Number 7 Illinois coal, a massive hunk of coal several miles long and wide and hundreds of feet deep.
Although Rab24 has been proposed as a possible regulator of autophagic processes [ 24 43 ] , the accumulation of punctate bodies in cells expressing Rab24(D123I) was not prevented by 3-methyadenine, a known inhibitor of autophagosome formation [ 44 ] . Most importantly, electron microscopy with immunogold labeling of mycRab24(D123I) in ultra-thin sections confirmed the initial impression that the inclusions are in fact localized within the nucleus.
The ultimate origin of the word is an Egyptian town Canopus , evidently well known for the notorious insect.
The origin of this custom is not known, but some believe it is to remind society that the stranger at the door should not be forgotten.
We know what it means to cook dinner, eat dinner, and clean up afterward.
We did not know the duration of use of medications prior to the study start.
During Día de los Muertos, altars are set up in galleries and exhibit halls as artistic and cultural expressions, with ofrendas created for particularly known individuals.
You'll be the first to know about upcoming exhibitions by nationally, regionally and locally known artists.
As he performs the measurements, he “knows” more about the detailed state of the system.
First, if you didn't know who the two were and you were told that one of them was, as a youth, one of the great basketball players in the country, you wouldn't have picked Bill Bradley.
They touched my heart and I know they'll touch yours.
The number of known and predicted introns has a wide range from 3 in AtF25I16.
But we know that at 10:31, General Larry Arnold instructed his staff to broadcast the following over a NORAD instant messaging system: "10:31 Vice president has cleared to us to intercept tracks of interest and shoot them down if they do not respond per [General Arnold]."
This is very economical of space and involves a clever computer ploy, but it does not provide a particularly useful synonym dictionary, for, as we all know, synonymy in language does not yield to the commutative law of mathematics; in language, “Things equal to the same thing are not (necessarily) equal to each other.”
"I don't know.
I know you've purchased tickets this year and I thank you.
Just beyond is a carved tomb with a pyramid-shaped roof, known as both the Tomb of the Pharaoh’s Daughter and the Tomb of Zechariah.
We love animals and we know you do, too.
Fill-in-the-blanks exercises have been fashioned into what are known as cloze tests , which are designed to test passages for readability and readers for comprehension.
One useful sense of “know” is that the demon has some compact description of the state of the gas system.
Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, commonly known as "crib death," is our nation's major cause of death for infants one week to one year of age.
He managed to sell his idea to a San Francisco consortium that became known as the Central Pacific’s “Big Four” — Mark Hopkins, Collis Huntington, Charles Crocker, and Leland Stanford, names that continue to echo in both the streets and institutions of present-day California.
The Boulevard des Capucines and the Boulevard des Italiens, known as the grands boulevards, meet at the Place de l’Opéra, which was a focal point in Baron Hauss­mann’s urbanization plans in the mid-19th century.
He was known as a wise and honest man consulted by many as an arbitrator.
Naturally, and most naturally in Santa Fe, where one can be healed by means known nowhere else in the universe, Walter nicknamed algorithmic chemistry “Alchemy.”
He knew he had made a bad mistake, but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life, he just didn't count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path.
I know that as an important business and community leader, you are frequently deluged with requests for funds from worthwhile organizations.
That's why I hope you will take special delight in knowing that on the day Wanda's new Habitat house is dedicated, your loving spirit will be felt on that joyous occasion.
I don't know that scientifically I'm qualified to say, you know, that I believe many scientific concepts because I'm -- I'm not a scientist.
Plus, the satisfaction of knowing you are doing your part to preserve the Earth's precious natural resources.
Of course, hardly anyone who voted in 1994 knew what was in the Contract With America.
It therefore detailed specific U.S. demands for the Taliban: surrender Bin Ladin and his chief lieutenants, including Ayman al Zawahiri; tell the United States what the Taliban knew about al Qaeda and its operations; close all terrorist camps; free all imprisoned foreigners; and comply with all UN Security Council resolutions.
The sartorially savvy man-about-town knows that good “English” tailoring, and the textiles used, are not only to be found on Saville Row but in the meticulous workshops of Milan, Florence, and Rome.
Because it's known that this is a festering controversy.
What I'd like to know is if you attended a meeting after this June 9th -- excuse me, this board meeting that's reported in this article?
In other words, based on what they knew about a group of languages which were documented, they tried to imagine the language that they sprang from.
They should also, according to most proverbs, be large: There is no light in the house without children; Nobody knows when a man without daughters dies .
There are no departments of toponymy, or even of onomastics that I know of, and no degrees are awarded in these fields.
The Buenos Aires Herald is all abuzz over a daring one-man invasion of the Malvinas Islands (known in Britain as the Falklands, site of a 10 week war that killed 1,000 military personnel).
He gained fame as an Indian fighter, but was also known as an anthropologist and writer.
Just when you thought it was safe to assume that we now know all we are ever likely to know about the past, someone digs another hole and unearths (literally or figuratively) some ancient artifact: one day it is a fragile scroll, found in a cave near the Dead Sea, that turns out to be pre-Biblical; the next day it is an entire terracotta army of Chinese soldiers: the next it is a skull, excavated from the Olduvai Gorge, that compels anthropologists (once again) to revise their guesses about the earliest stages of Homo sapiens sapiens vs hominids.
If you have had cancer, you already know why.
Collectively, the databases represent almost all public information on known genes, transcripts and relevant homologous sequences.
Women know this and take full advantage.
So, we thought you ought to know what we've been doing.
As for me, I'll stick with my philosophy of reporting and, I guess, life--nobody knows.
"What you don't know is that he has convinced his followers that a part of their brain, originally evolved in fishes, was passed in a distorted way to humans, causing aggressive behavior.
The broad and leafy Avenida da Liberdade runs for 1 km (0.6 mile) north, flanked by gardens, ponds, and fountains, as far as the circular Praça Marquês de Pombal (also known as the Rotunda), where a statue of the dictator Pombal gazes over the city.
Why does everybody seem to know everybody else?
SAGE libraries were prepared from naïve and 9-day NGF-treated PC12 cells and sequenced as previously described [ 11 ] . To match SAGE tags with RP transcripts, tags were initially analyzed with the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) rat SAGE tag to gene mapping database ftp://ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/sage/map/Rn/Nla3, which matches possible 14-mer tags with known rat genes and expressed sequence tags (ESTs).
But clearly DiMaggio knew not only on which side his bread was buttered, but also who buttered it: his op-ed was titled "I am Lucky to Be a Ballplayer."
The fact is that we do not know the level of information redundancy that exists in these large arrays.
Write and let us know what you are doing and how you are faring in the journey of life.
In response to the tradition of the burning of Zozobra, a group of New Mexico Chicanos started a tradition of burning El Kookoóee, a figure known by many Chicanos as the bogeyman, during the Festival de Otoño.
And the next thing I knew, he was running with my criticism, trashing his own proposal.
N3 LC-PUFA, particularly 20:5n3, are known to be of clinical benefit in treating psoriasis [ 71 ] .
I don't know what the edition was or the copyright date or any of that information, but I do know that it was that biology textbook that was being debated very rigorously.
.. as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely."
Oedipa smouldered, knowing she must achieve self-actualization.
The placement of these two pieces is a PR triumph, but one carrying the seeds of its own destruction: If people know all this work is going into making Paula Jones seem a certain someone, doesn't that just make it obvious that she's really somebody else?
Read Bakhtin on Rabelais if you really want to know.
, and I know that the functional illiteracy rate in our state is 52 percent.
We make the best case we can based on the facts as we know them.
Loulé, north of Almancil, is a prosperous town known for its leather, lace, and copper goods.
Now, do you know approximately when you received this?
