When the evening promenade disperses, the streets of the old city are usually quiet, dark, and practically deserted, though the small streets between Plaça de La Llotja and Plaça la Reina teem with restaurants and bars.
Muskrats, according to my encyclopedia, look like giant rats, are found in and around the mudbanks bordering marshes and quiet ponds, have partially webbed feet, and do a good deal of swimming.
The Armenian government downplayed the incident, claiming that "the city and country are quiet and the only events are taking place around the parliament building."
Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think, so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better?
On a quiet news day, the Washington Post leads with a scoop about Boeing's concealment of fuel tank problems similar to the ones that may have caused the crash of TWA Flight 800.
perhaps for when she repairs to that quiet cottage in the central Indian jungle.
We sat grown quiet at the name of love;We saw the last embers of daylight die,And in the trembling blue-green of the skyA moon, worn as if it had been a shellWashed by time's waters as they rose and fellAbout the stars and broke in days and years.
But many shops, especially in quiet neighborhoods, may close earlier.
And yes, it's quiet and you can go to the cheap movies when you're off, but according to the Journal , night workers are more susceptible to heart attacks, stomach troubles and depression.
Just stay quiet."
With Congress in recess, the White House on vacation, and Iraq relatively quiet, the pundits served moldy leftovers on Thanksgiving weekend.
Chaves, a mere 12 km (7 miles) from Spain, is a quiet place — at least now that it isn’t suffering repeated attacks from the invading Spanish.
Hey, honey, there's that and more in it for you if you keep quiet!...
The language front has been unusually quiet today: The only news I see is the European Union announcement (reported on the CNN Web site) that the year 2000 will be the year of language.
Over on the quiet, tree-shaded place de la Sorbonne, it’s hard to imagine the police invading such a peaceful sanctuary — one that for centuries guaranteed student immunity.
2. "Gucci announced that it won a quiet bidding war for luxury retailer Yves Saint Laurent.
3 Justice vs. business: To deprive Democrats of the political fight they crave, Republican leaders have kept quiet about the Lewinsky case and confined their comments to topics such as Iraq, taxes, and Social Security.
One of the city’s many blessings is that there remain so many quiet and beautiful corners that have changed little with time.
(Gingrich even warned his GOP underlings to keep quiet.)
Visitors are allowed in (except during services) between 10:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. to appreciate its quiet grandeur.
How to sit (not too slumpy, not too stiff), what to do with his hands (kept them quiet, don't gesticulate or fiddle with your ear or other body part), how to arrange his expressions (relaxed, alert, open, affable), how to speak in sound bites (don't digress!
Today's Papers doesn't care whether the NYT just missed the story, or was misled by its government sources as part of a cover and deception plan, or like a congressional leader, was let in on the deal with the promise to keep quiet until afterwards.
Despite the general consensus that DiMaggio was exactly the kind of quiet, workmanlike player that is practically gone from today's courts and fields, a sort of anti-Rodman, if you will, it's useful to note, as the WSJ does, that in 1938 DiMaggio held out for more money (he wanted at least $40,000 and the Yankees were offering $25,000.)
The Phantom Menace : A film with half a plot, no engaging characters to speak of, and actors who speak in inhibited-zombie monotones as if the director had warned them to keep quiet while someone on the set took a nap.
That means freezing rain, cheerlessly crabbed interiors, and lots of extras who visibly live lives of quiet desperation.
The NYT piece frames this as do-nothing action, designed to temporarily quiet demands coming simultaneously from the Israeli right-wing, Palestinians, and the U.S. (which is pressing Netanyahu to cede land quickly).
It’s now a quiet residential refuge popular with artists — and tourists seeking to escape the mobs.
Or better yet, get back at them in some quiet, vicious Minnesota-like way?
Los Cristianos used to be a small fishing port with a quiet little beach.
 Later, we shared a quiet bottle of Laphroaig with this well-mannered and impeccably spoken paragon and his beautiful young wife.
The Post lead is what it sees as a quiet but major shift in Clinton administration Yugoslavia policy: dropping opposition to Kosovo's independence from Yugoslavia.
The Kingdom openly discussed the problem of radicalism, criticized the terrorists as religiously deviant, reduced official support for religious activity overseas, closed suspect charitable foundations, and publicized arrests-very public moves for a government that has preferred to keep internal problems quiet.
Satisfied with their vital signs, she left them to drift a while; both were quiet for what seemed to be quite a long time, until the same female reappeared with a clipboard and a cel phone.
The president was overcome with doubts, which he expressed later that day to Walter Jenkins, a quiet, gentle man who served in effect as his chief of staff.
Less than1 km (about 1⁄2 mile) east of Goa Gajah, look for a signpost to Yeh Pulu pointing to the right, down a quiet village street.
The papers deliver a quiet, analysis-heavy Sunday, with no overlap among the front pages.
A short walk up the hill brings you to the University of Havana, founded in the early 18th century, a quiet, attractive campus of neoclassical buildings.
It was a pretty dismaying experience, straight out of Les Misérables : the tattered crowd, the forest of groping hands, the healthy-looking young guys who conned their way to seconds or thirds while the quiet or confused went home empty-handed.
Above the huge main door, in quiet simplicity, sits a genuine 13th-century Madonna and Child.
awake, listening: laughter of guest love-makers trying to be more quiet
Colleges are turning to quiet, informal affirmative action on behalf of male applicants.
There’s no shortage of places to go or things to do, and no need to take a long novel to fill those quiet moments — there just won’t be any.
Heading west beyond La Parguera, you’ll need to use secondary roads, but these are in surprisingly good condition and relatively quiet.
And, come to think of it, Gingrich was kind of uncharacteristically quiet during the impeachment mess, wasn't he?
The views from the chair-lift are also spectacular, and the peace and quiet as you soar up and down the mountainside is quite extraordinary.
On a slow news day, the Los Angeles Times leads with the quiet hope among some Republicans that the House impeachment inquiry will die a swift death.
Companies offer dark, quiet nap rooms, reasoning that midday naps help workers maintain focus.
With room for more than 100 passengers each, most of these vessels are quiet and serve a lunch cooked en route.
The city’s many pubs are the center of social life, offering conversation and a quiet pint, food, music, and song.
Another is a "ferociously quiet young man with a shaved head."
Of course, this is unlikely--a motormouth cannot be "quiet and mysterious" forever, timer or no timer, and The Rules ' blithe assurance that Mr. Right, reeled in by your "friendly, light, and breezy" persona, will accept your edgy, insecure, and engulfing true self is, perhaps, the cruelest fantasy in the book.
When finished, the Lilly House interior will reflect the quiet grandeur of its 1930s appearance during the early era of the Josiah K. Lilly Jr. family's occupancy.
El Hierro has hardly any tourist facilities, no natural spectacles, and no good beaches, but it is pretty, quiet, and totally unspoiled.
Most other towns in Portugal, while offering a reduced roster of low-key bars, tend to be rather quiet at night.
Light is balanced by shadow, and rugged limestone rocks (yang) are chosen for their pitted and convoluted surface, balancing the smooth surface of calm pools and quiet streams (yin).
Students find quiet corners to read, relax, or play tennis, and children sail their boats on the octagonal pond or ride a merry-go-round designed by none other than Charles Garnier, architect of the Opéra (see page 45).
The square now remains eerily quiet (unless a school group is touring the museum).
In this well-produced spot, the intentionally quiet images never get in the way of the message.
Asked what is most special about her husband, JoAnn, with quiet conviction, says, "I think it's helping other disabled people.
For many years Lisbon has enjoyed a reputation as a relatively quiet, easy-going sort of town, lacking the hustle, bustle, and general hassle of other major European cities.
With its walled, garden-surrounded villas, mountainous terrain, and dramatic craggy coast, this still-beautiful island manages to cater to the boisterous fun of day trippers and package tours while simultaneously providing quiet hideaways for the idle rich.
The pasture for the convent’s cattle is now the quiet, spacious Parc de l’Esplanade, the perfect place to rest your tired sightseeing feet.
The circular Pantheon (Piazza della Rotonda) is the best-preserved monument of ancient Rome and rivals the Colosseum in its combination of quiet elegance and sheer massive power.
Most baccarat tables are located in quiet, sequestered sections of the casino.
Faro, Tavira, and Lagos are towns with a strong Moorish influence, and quiet mountain towns like Silves, Alte, and Salir are reminders of the days before golf courses and hotel chains.
The quiet town comes to life every April when it hosts the Family Island Regatta.
In the shoes vibrates the silent call of the earth, its quiet gift of the ripening grain and its unexplained self-refusal in the fallow desolation of the wintry field."
The Balearics are a sailing paradise, with safe harbors and marinas a short cruise from quiet coves.
A short profile of probable House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., says little about Hastert except that he's a quiet conservative.
To keep Betsy and Arlene quiet about having seen G. Gordon Liddy (Harry Shearer) at both the Watergate and the White House, Nixon (Dan Hedaya) made them "Official White House Dog Walkers"--in which capacity they stumbled on a room full of people shredding documents and counting piles of payoff money.
Bolten watched the exchanges and, after what he called "a quiet moment,"suggested that the Vice President get in touch with the President and confirm the engage order.
The thing that is so admirable about Matisse is his quiet integrity.
Said is quiet on how Palestinians and Israelis can be persuaded even to consider such a reconciliation.
In a year of spectacular emotion, his was a quiet triumph.
Yes, Father, I replied with quiet satisfaction.
They have no downside and are a quiet force for good in the world.
If every new refinement since then in the quiet sapping of our national morale has earned a numerical "column," then by now, I estimate, we must be up somewhere close to "78 th column" (applied, maybe, to producers of the weekly network TV movies about bloody domestic mayhem) and "79 th column" (airplane passengers who bring carry-on luggage that they know won't fit into the overhead storage bins) or possibly even higher.
If ever asked to explain one of her rare periods of quiet, she would reply, Still waters run deep.
The black-and-white photograph of Nathan Landow, the developer who allegedly pressured Willey to keep quiet, made him look like a vicious psychopath.
For many years, leaders on both sides preferred to keep their ties quiet and behind the scenes.
It’s tempting to try to sandwich everything into just a couple of days, but be sure to leave time in your schedule to get sidetracked in a colorful food market or an alley of antiques shops, or to peek in a quiet courtyard.
There is a quiet humor in Yiddish and a gratitude for every day of life, every crumb of success, each encounter of love.
Stephanopoulos skillfully bullies and cajoles him into keeping quiet.
Take an excursion east to the quiet medieval town of Albenga, with its Romanesque-Gothic houses around the 11th- to 14th-century cathedral and early Christian (fifth-century) baptistery.
If nothing else, the beach erosion has helped to keep Candi Dasa a quiet place, well-stocked with hotel rooms; it has also halted plans that would have led to even more development.
I find it a gentle, thrilling, quiet, and transforming vision.
Here are a few of the methods of child-restraint practiced by our forefathers and foremothers--many of whom were patriotic, religious, and of high moral character: swaddling their children, depriving them of food (it was thought to keep babies quiet), tying them to chairs, and beating them severely.
Bird is quiet, has short meetings, and never chews out his players publicly.
But Pakistan needs a quiet policy that will allow it to rebuild at home.
Brodkey's account takes us from his discovery that he was ill with AIDS through his prolonged hospital stay with pneumonia, his decision to return home, and the slow months--many in a quiet equilibrium that was not health, but not death either--that followed.
The only question that did not exhibit significant change was "Does your tinnitus make it uncomfortable to be in a quiet room?"
It’s in a quiet residential neighborhood a mile or so from the old center, not nearly as convenient as its main competitors, but it offers uncommon intimacy and personal attention.
These two beach towns offer quiet, rustic alternatives to Puerto Vallarta.
On the road north, a right fork at Culik leads eastwards to Amed, a quiet fishing and salt-panning village spread out along several kilometers of beaches.
Described by the attorneys who appear before her as a consummate professional, Zelon projects quiet determination, intense intellectual curiosity, confidence and thoughtfulness, on and off the bench.
The concepts he invokes--"quiet faith," "mature patriotism," "ordinary duties," "morality writ small," "soft multiculturalism"--proclaim a preference (both his and his subjects') for the middle way.
It's also quiet when they're in church (hey, I'm from the Midwest, OK?)
This quiet little seaside resort on the northwest coast has a pleasant Catalan flavor to its older quarters around the cathedral.
There are two simple, isolated bungalow hotel complexes on the bay, one at quiet Playa Larga, the other at Playa Girón, where the already scruffy beach is further spoiled by a concrete breakwater.
But Matthews did not suggest that any of these Shearers were stalking Kathleen Willey in a quiet Virginia subdivision on a damp winter morning.
