The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%; lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%; enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and friends.
This yields reactions times proteins divided by , which equals . In short, virtually all possible reactions will be catalyzed by something.
The Egypt massacre also tops the World-Wide news digest box at the WSJ , and is on the front at USAT , the WP and the LAT . It looks as if, reports the Times , there were no American victims.
For the first time in history, all nonemergency civilian aircraft in the United States were grounded, stranding tens of thousands of passengers across the country.
This is probably an appropriate time for us to end today.
1) The White House has already contacted the networks to reserve television time (on either Aug. 16 or Aug. 17) for a Clinton apology.
The ﬁrst tribes that came to this area brought skills and tools which improved the lot of the hunter, made farming feasible, and, in time, gave rise to primitive industries.
In front of the keep is Portugal’s most curious pelourinho, which stands on top of a primitive granite boar (porca), carved in prehistoric times.
Since then, almost every reigning monarch has spent time (or held soirées) at Holyrood.
These Horites are first mentioned at the time of Abraham in connection with the subjugation of the land by Chedorlaomer.
He spends his time drunk on excellent local wines, fantasizing a very fulfilling populist Catharism.
In a New York Times interview, she says 1) she acted in Monica Lewinsky's "best interest" by saving her from President Clinton's abuse; 2) she had feared that the affair would cause Lewinsky to harm herself; 3) she regrets any pain she has caused Lewinsky; 4) "As a mom, especially with a daughter close in age to Monica, I would hope some other mom would do for my daughter what I did for Monica"; and 5) taping Lewinsky, giving her name to Paula Jones' lawyers, and giving the tapes to the independent counsel were Lucianne Goldberg's ideas.
We will evaluate the component sequences of these DTs and incorporate them into MGI database over time through manual curation.
And the NY Times is editorializing (3/8/04) that same-sex (sic) marriage is inevitable.
The Los Angeles Times lead is that California thrift institution Home Savings is being bought by Seattle-based Washington Mutual, creating the nation's seventh-largest financial institution.
Times ' Kevin "I Gave At First Sight a Good Review" Thomas, correctly foreseeing that the studio would be desperate for advertising blurbs on this one, pumps the thing up: It's "a great-looking picture that zips along with grace, light on its feet."
(A responsible account of the whole controversy in today's New York Times reports that Kelsey says the pardon had nothing to do with her corroboration.)
This ensured that the cells were not confluent by the time of collection for cell cycle analysis.
She was the high school principal at the time.
The city is not mentioned again in the Bible until the time of the great poet warrior, King David, who captured the city from the Jebusites in about 1000 b.c.
Time 's trend-spotting lead is "America's Fascination with Buddhism" (a k a: an excuse to put Brad Pitt on the cover).
Listed reasons (and number of patients) for missing exercise time data at 24 weeks were: 'exercise test not done due to death' (n = 30), 'exercise testing contraindicated' (n = 9), and 'exercise test not done for other reasons' (n = 10).
The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do.
It took some time and hard work, but with the help of Goodwill, Jerry was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor's office, find housing and conduct a more thorough job search.
However, at least one general rule emerges from the cases we have studied: The cycle time of a fast production facility can be no more than a week or two.
Turn back the hands of time and remember when you made the decision to become a dental hygienist.
Their comparative scarcity at the present time probably results from climatic changes in the Pliocene and Pleistocene and, more recently, exploitation by humans for food, hides, and oil.
Yet Columbus (Columbo in Portuguese) returned six years later, by which time evidence suggests that he had become an experienced sugarcane merchant.
And the biology textbook that was in question at the time, I believe it was the version of the Miller-Levine biology book.
Her legend has been recited for over 300 years, and in contemporary times she is still believed to be wandering the streets in large cities, as well as in the small towns of the Southwest where numerous people report encounters with her.
Five times a day (six on Sundays), polished wooden trains make the hour-long journey in each direction through orchards and spectacular mountain scenery, stopping at Son Sardina and Bunyola.
And so I pretty well made sure, at the beginning of that meeting, which went on for quite a long time, that I wouldn't miss anything, so I took care of my bathroom needs beforehand.
Near the village of Agía Déka — named after ten saints who were martyred here — and widely scattered in farmland, are the remains of Górtis (Gortyn), capital of the island during the Roman era (from 65 b.c.) and also an important city in Minoan times.
The Los Angeles Times goes with the Clinton administration's decision to oppose the California ballot referendum measure calling for an end to publicly funded bilingual education, a measure thought to be favored by 70 percent of the state's voters.
In more recent times the individual who writes on walls has been called a tagger, and the art of writing is tagging.
Now, is it your recollection that the first time the Pandas book was mentioned was during the July meeting that you attended?
One method for improving targeting would be to require each garment to include a bar code label that shows the place and time of fabrication.
If there can be a framework in which time enters naturally, and possibly there is a natural flow of time, or an arrow of time preferentially from past to future, then, among other possible consequences, we may be able to break the matter-antimatter symmetry, for antimatter can be stated as the corresponding matter flowing backward in time.
He was one of Clinton's principal enablers, to use a word employed by Maureen Dowd in today's New York Times .
She asked if I thought it would be all right to talk to the Times reporter.
He was a gentle country newspaperman ( Johnny Come Lately , 1943), or a lovable alcoholic who sits in a bar all day musing over the destinies of his friends ( Time of Your Life , 1948).
A large electronic bid-taker on the wall reflects the current bidding price; this happens several times every minute.
At the same time, the team accurately reflected the social diversity that exists in France today.
Contract management includes the steps required to ensure that the agency receives products and services within established costs and time frames.
And so at the time when Max was speaking -- I believe that there were people who spoke in between she and Max Pell.
Many fascinating legacies around the island attest to the complicated web that time has spun here.
[From The Times , 16 May 1988]
I'm reminded of previous times I have felt sad and I will connect them into a series by way of the synaptic corridors they pass through.
They'd scouted twenty-seven gates so far, and none had turned up anything worth the Insurrection's time.
Depending on how much time you have, you may want to combine two or three of the regions in order to get a sense of the great diversity of French life: Paris and the wine country, the mountains, or the Atlantic or Mediterranean coasts.
When Chatterbox asked the Journal 's DC bureau chief, Alan Murray, who exercised good judgment in not breaking the Broaddrick story (and--full disclosure-- is Chatterbox's former boss), to comment about a Journal employee's feeding sources to the Times , he replied: "I don't really have any comment on what the edit page did.
The Byzantine Emperor at the time, Manuel II (1391–1425), tried to appease his enemies by allowing a Turkish district, mos­que, and tribunal within his city, and by courting Turkish goodwill with gifts of gold, but to no avail.
Of the ceremonies, first there was el día del prendorio (day of the engagement), when the bride and groom came together publicly for the first time.
Fated to be the last of all the Chinese dynasties, it held power until modern times (1644–1911).
In more recent times,wealth has passed the island by, but it still produces some jewelry and has a reputation for particularly fine pottery, which can be seen outside the workshops drying in the sun.
Unfortunately, times and members of the faculty change, but the need for our students to receive scholarship awards will continue at an unprecedented rate.
We like its familiarity, and hope it is the same every time.
Peter Scott's recent Lost Crusade , the memoir of a U.S. soldier who trained Cambodian mercenaries, is the most affecting book of any sort I've read in a long time.
It takes a long time for him to gain the self-confidence to work elsewhere in the community.
Many of you responded in a positive manner by increasing your contribution or contributing to the fund for the first time.
Please call us any time at 1-800-545-6843.
The Court was advised that yesterday, on September the 27th, the reporters, both of them, showed up at the appointed times for their depositions as appropriately scheduled by the defendants, and I'm advised -- and I'll correct this if I'm wrong -- that both reporters cited the reporter's privilege that they consider to exist under the First Amendment so that they would not answer any questions at those depositions.
Most critics call it flat: "a homey compendium of feminist talking points laced with awkward satire" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). The film's breakneck speed, mostly showing Perez being pulled in six directions at once, is "a scream--not because it's funny, but because screaming is about all anyone does" (Jack Mathews, New York Newsday ). A few enjoy the high-decibel/high-speed film, such as the Village Voice 's Amy Taubin, who says it's "a tour de force of barely controlled hysteria that's as funny as it's insightful."
The State of Israel was declared during this difficult time.
Instead, the state depends on 41 local not-for-profit organizations, funded at $54 million a year, and the $172 million in time donated by members of the Bar to serve these needy families.
.. emergency assistance during times of crisis.
The law school is limited in these recessionary times because it's impractical to raise tuition significantly to gain the difference from lost state appropriations.
But the sizable reduction in Colombia's crop means that for the first time overall coca production in the Andes is dropping at a rapid pace.
Or so the story says, quoting five experts in support along the way, before swerving abruptly to a "to be sure" 11th paragraph that says Y2K preparedness "posed an enormous distraction, soaking up time and money that might have been plowed into projects with a more immediate payoff," and that "much of the investment went to inoculate older technology against the computer bug rather than to embrace the newest processes that could revolutionize the way work is done."
A retailer’s decision about what to stock will depend on a variety of considerations, including the demand forecast for the product, the level of product availability it wishes to provide to customers, the frequency with which it will place replenishment orders, and the lead time to acquire replenishment units.
Thus, cells carry out measurements and record them all the time.
It's one of the few times you won't find the two together.
Indy Reads is working to change these statistics, one life at a time.
But to go any further than that would mean that a reporter's veracity could be questioned each and every time something like this comes up.
It’s tempting to try to sandwich everything into just a couple of days, but be sure to leave time in your schedule to get sidetracked in a colorful food market or an alley of antiques shops, or to peek in a quiet courtyard.
"I was, for a long time.
They are a sailor’s paradise because the numerous safe anchorages and bays have been enhanced in modern times by comprehensive back-up facilities for sailors.
It would be wonderful if you could take the time to visit your School, and see for yourself the progress we have made over the years and share in the pride of our heritage!
Once source tells the Times that in response to a direct question from Clinton, Yeltsin flatly denied the charges.
The New York Times reported that the Pentagon had warned the administration that "Milosevic was likely to strike out viciously against Kosovo Albanians."
If it was simply a matter of selecting a text that gives two contradicting scientific theories equal time, that would be an entirely different matter, but it's not.
Throughout this time, the number of visitors has continued to grow, as has the volume of motor traffic.
It was at this time, 1864, that the government initiated the practice of printing “IN GOD WE TRUST” on our coins and currency.
Indeed the time required to create all possible proteins at least once is at least the ratio of possible proteins to the maximum number of reactions that can have occurred in the lifetime of the universe, or times the lifetime of the universe.
Thus, enzymatic reactions or rearrangement of components in the cytosol could occur for some time during fixation.
A time for a youngster to enjoy the fun and benefits of residential camp living, dedicated staff and instruction, and a chance to make special friends.
I've having a time finding the muscles to pee as it is.
Within quantum mechanics, there is an appropriate way to consider the discrete analogue of Schrödinger’s equation, namely a means over time of evolving amplitudes from an initial distribution.
In a relatively short time he produced an impressive body of work that includes institutional, commercial, and residential buildings.
For some, “occasionally” means several times a year; for a few, it means several times a week.
This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life.
The use of modern design tools and information technology can collapse the design time so that managerial decision-making becomes the longest step in the process—and even the time for that step can be shortened with information technology.
In fact, its history dates back some 1,600 years, even though most of what can be seen, in the town at least, dates from the time of the Catholic Monarchs and later.
"The profundity of an artist such as we won't see again for some time" (Sarah Kaufman, the Washington Post ). Critics forgive his use of goofy gimmicks--he improvises a dance to his own heartbeat, which is amplified by a device affixed to his chest--focusing instead on the credibility he has given modern dance, having switched from classical ballet in midcareer.
For this year's entering class, we had more than five times the number of applications for every freshman seat.
In time, the kingdom of Babylon was overthrown and the Israelites were permitted to return to Jerusalem in 539 b.c.
Thus, if you think of a string as a closed loop, that loop might live on the long tube in two ways, either wrapped around the tube one or more times or not wrapped around the tube, but lying on the tube’s surface like a rubber band lying on a surface.
Time says that in 1995 when Willey decided to get back at a former lover, Shaun Docking, she told him she was pregnant.
Along with six floors of shops and restaurants, open-air terraces, and quirky decorations, visitors will find the local half-price ticket booth, Times Arts Tix (Tel.
..four times.
