So, your cells do thermodynamic work to make lipids, which spontaneously form a low-energy structure, the membrane.
I made a new distinction between measurements the demon might make that reveal features of nonequilibrium systems that can be used to extract work, and measurements he might make of the nonequilibrium system that cannot be used to extract work.
While this work generally does not involve assessing specific ongoing programs, it may use data from relevant audit work for comparative or baseline purposes.
This special explores the issues facing African elephants in the wild and captivity and highlights a number of conservationists and their work.
Readers, especially those just out of college with hardly any prior work experience, are encouraged to contact Mr. Jordan's Washington office for similar job placement assistance.
By focusing on the fact that the play portrays a Christ who has sex with his disciples, the press has encouraged a misconception about McNally's work.
When a positive review of MacDonald's work appeared in a journal about to be acquired by HBES, Tooby and others thought about sitting down and writing a letter objecting to both the work and the review.
1 The areas of most interest to auditors include section C: Description/Specifications/Work Statement, section
It offers a case in point from one of the 17 volumes of The Lives of the Saints , a massive work written between 1872 and 1889 by Sabine Baring-Gould (1834-1924), the English clergyman who is best remembered as the author of the hymn, “Onward, Christian Soldiers.”
Just like the impact Goodwill's work has on our community.
The following year, Castelli gave Johns a one-man exhibition; Alfred Barr, of the Museum of Modern Art, attended, and agreed to purchase four works.
It also—not coincidentally—gives the impression that the designed interior is autonomous and self-contained: in other words, that it is a work of art.
The garishly opulent interior was the work of a Québécois, Victor Bourgeau.
Fuji, snowcapped even in summer, is so exquisitely formed that it seems more like the work of an infinitely patient landscape artist than a volcanic accident.
One day during a university English class, a very discomfited student, after frantic and obtrusive dictionary work, handed a colleague of mine a scrap of paper.
At the level of molecular autonomous agents, I made the point repeatedly that work is the constrained release of energy and that autonomous agents do carry out work to construct the constraints on the release of energy such that the energy is released along specific channels and such that specific couplings of nonequilibrium energy sources to propagating organization arise.
The prestige associated with publishing in a selective journal is sufficiently valuable that scientists are generally willing to abdicate the legal rights to their own work without remuneration.
The profusion of styles that ensued is demonstrated by the work of three gifted but vastly different architects, Allan Greenberg, Hugh Newell Jacobsen, and Enrique Norten.
The Great Work of God to Restore the Divine Order
This raises an interesting question for the biology community: In a field in which scientific contributions have long been judged in terms of the amount of new experimental data they contain, how does one judge work that is primarily focused on interpreting (albeit with great effort and sophistication) the experimental data of others?
Third, the record may go out of date, so that work can no longer be extracted by reference to the record.
Thus, in the present work we attempted to study in detail the distribution of fibers and cell bodies containing neurokinin in the human brainstem, using an immunoperoxidase technique, and to compare our findings with the distribution of other tachykinins previously described in the human brainstem [ 23 24 25 27 ] . Finally, we report here a widespread distribution of fibers and cell bodies containing neurokinin in the human brainstem.
You and I have done some important work together.
South Park is a reminder of the great moments from the old Henry Beard/Doug Kenny National Lampoon , where the audacity and smarts still leave you tearing up helplessly when you try to explain what you love about the work months later.
However, significant integration and planning work remains to be done in this area of the state.
The Museu Cau Ferrat is installed in the house of the painter Santiago Rusiñol (1861–1931), whose collection of works by El Greco, Casas, Picasso, and others is on display, along with many of his own works.
Works of George Bernard Shaw and other major playwrights are performed in the modern Festival Theatre (Wellington Street and Queen’s Parade Road), with its pleasant garden for a cocktail between acts.
One FEMA inspector told GAO that some survey-damage reports after the Northridge quake included work that had been specifically rejected after the Loma Prieta quake five years earlier.
Clearly, there is nothing in the concept of a reproducing system that carries out at least one thermodynamic work cycle that limits such a system to DNA, RNA, and proteins.
Calcutta seems to be the only other production center having any pretensions to artistic creativity at all, but ironically you’re actually more likely to see the works of Satyajit Ray or Mrinal Sen shown in Europe or North America than in India itself.
Zoning Enforcement Officer Ron Discher reported that the farm has stopped work on the paddock, an enclosed area where horses can graze and be mounted.
Walker thought the goal of this recommendation was to de-emphasize fine-grained, developmental work and to emphasize pursuing work using available interventions.
Building was slow and sporadic, affected by wars and finance, and the great work took nearly four centuries to complete.
The life-changing experiences that are made possible because of YMCA International work will remain with the youth and adults who participate for a lifetime!
The F Word , the work of the scholar etymologist who is a resident editor in the dictionary department at Random House, proves to be a rare item indeed: a comprehensive, vastly eclectic, tongue-in-cheek serious treatment that has to be the first and last word on this world-class Word.
There are three national art galleries featuring the work of masters from around the world.
The 1835 white clapboard lighthouse here has been restored with a jolly red-and-white striped dome, while a less-attractive modern concrete tower does all the work.
Homer wrote his epic works on Chios; and lyrical poetry was much admired, particularly the work of the poets Archilochos on Paros and Sappho on Lesvos.
Multivariate regression with controls for gender, age, and occupation did not show an increasing trend in cost per claim or time off work per claim.
The Carnot engine is all set as a total organization to receive another input of heat energy and perform another work cycle.
Before the publication of Paredes’s work, most of the Hispanic and Chicano folklore collected was classified, published, and placed on a library shelf.
And in this city, where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene, visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new Museum of Modern Art and the many galleries that display the work of modern Irish artists.
And now, the permanent collection continues its reputation of national importance with recently acquired works from the Samuel Josefowitz collection, featuring the work of Paul Gauguin (1848-1904).
The felled seam was first used in work clothing because of its strength and has since migrated to other apparel items because of its visible stitch pattern.
As a chorister the boy would have sung the works of the Church's most famous kappelmeister, JS Bach.
It creates a core of tension in Freeman's work.
Fifty years after authors die, their works enter the "public domain" and are no longer protected by law.
The AG thanked Mr. (formerly Colonel) Oliver South for his work in apprehending "this white-hating, cop-maiming monster."
Researchers give away the copyright to their work, for free, to the publishers, who organise the peer review and copyedit the article.
Let’s turn to the concept of “work.”
The oldest section of Havana is the city’s most spectacular, even if restoration work and gleaming coats of pastel colonial colors (plus a stern police presence on every corner) are leaving parts of it with a slightly more sanitized feel than the weathered working class neighborhoods that extend along the water and inland.
Although this “haute couture” quarter is small compared with that of Milan or Paris, you’ll still find a good range to choose from, and stores feature work by both international and Dutch designers.
The lower level of the Guggenheim SoHo displays the tinkering side of Rauschenberg's nature, the works he made in collaboration with engineers--the star item there is unquestionably Mud Muse (1968-71), a vat of bentonite (an artificial clay) that bubbles and gurgles and spits, like a pool of quicksand in a Tarzan movie, triggered by a sound-activated compressed-air system.
This makes them significantly different from other congressional oversight committees, which are often spurred into action by the work of investigative journalists and watchdog organizations.
Commissioned by Charles II, the paintings were all the work of one man, Dutch artist Jacob de Wit.
His work is basically one long argument that natural selection, and natural selection alone, is sufficient to explain the seemingly miraculous variety, beauty, and ingenuity of living things.
We are exploring model-based meta-analysis of many arrays of the same chip type but hybridizing to a heterogeneous set of tissues samples, and will present such analysis in future work.
Asymmetrical compositions and a mystical mood of ecstasy typify his work.
He appears to have played a unique role among the muscle hijackers because of his work with one of the plot's financial facilitators, Mustafa al Hawsawi.
The M. H. de Young Memorial Museum has an impressive selection of African Art and of works by Titian, El Greco, and Rembrandt.
When teams made decisions about how to do their work, employees told us they felt greater accountability for the teams' overall performance.
Detractors question that Giotto designed the entire series but usually agree that numbers 2 to 11 are his work.
Fashion is as acceptable in France as any imaginative work, and criticism about it has certainly flourished there.
Yesterday's Los Angeles Times ran a story under the headline "Paula Jones Works on Her Court Appearance," which, illustrated by pictures of Jones, was all about the various looks she's had since stepping on the public stage.
In a few rare instances, one can actually see the transmogrification at work.
In a real biosphere, the linking of exergonic to endergonic reactions by which thermodynamic work is done to build up complex organization is, in fact, inextricably linked with the emergence of new advantages of trade = new, enhanced ways to make livings in new niches.
There is no doubt that Randall enjoys her work.
And, in turn, how does work actually come to be extracted by devices that measure and detect displacements from equilibrium from which work can, in principle, be obtained?
These protocols are intended to provide clearly defined and transparent policies and practices relating to GAO's work.
Saville-Troike presents the essential terms and concepts introduced and developed by Dell Hymes and others and surveys the most important findings and applications of their work.
Of the notable stories in this collection, "A Coupla Scalped Indians," published in 1956 and possibly a fragment for a new novel, is the biggest disappointment, since it is the latest Ellison work here.
The Galleria Nazionale (on Piazzale Marconi) exhibits more excellent works of Correggio and Parmigianino, and an added prize of the collection, the sketch of a young girl, Testa di Fanciulla, by Leonardo da Vinci.
During the course of this work, we have developed software, improved by experimental data and an open-source policy, for rapidly selecting unique sequences from predicted ORFs of any genome.
Work is more than force acting through distance; it is, in fact, the constrained release of energy, the release of energy into a small number of degrees of freedom.
This is essentially a make-work scheme: the mailers do the extra work of putting the address on each piece and the Postal Service does the extra work of arranging these pieces in delivery order.
Stone wants her husband to give up his job and work in Hollywood, but he "hates the Hollywood scene," reports the publication.
Under its conductor, David Atherton, it offers Western classical works and new works by Chinese composers in a September-to-June season.
In addition, the Administration's emphasis on workforce planning and restructuring will require federal agencies to examine how they can flatten their organizational hierarchy and improve their work processes.
They moved from an Apple to Windows audience in their early days without a blink; they moved from a gated service to one where the Web was nearly co-opted into AOL; they went from hourly to unlimited without a look back--this is a company that is not tethered to anything except that which works.
GAO's congressional policies and protocols apply to all investigative work conducted by the Office of Special Investigations unless an exception is specified herein or noted in advance.
A further partial prototype is present in chapter , with its discussion of autonomous agents as self-reproducing physical systems that do successfully measure displacements from equilibrium and do successfully evolve to couple exergonic and endergonic reactions to achieve completed work cycles.
In turn, this led me to wonder about the relation between the emergence of constraints in the universe and in a biosphere, and the diversification of patterns of the constrained release of energy that alone constitute work and the use of that work to build still further constraints on the release of energy.
Figure 2shows a work flow schematic for this study.
It reappears in the work of contemporary Classicists such as Allan Greenberg.
We have arrived at this: An autonomous agent, or a collection of them in an environment, is a nonequilibrium system that propagates some new union of matter, energy, constraint construction, measurement, record, information, and work.
It turns out that the work that must be done, hence the energy utilized, equals the work that can later be extracted from the system after the fast and slow particles are separated into the two boxes.
The concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous agent, self-consistent constraint construction, release of energy, propagating work tasks, and the closure of catalysis, tasks, and other features that constitutes the propagating organization that is an autonomous agent or a coevolving ecology of autonomous agents.
For prehospital work, this finding is important because it shows that GCS does not deviate significantly either from the MEES scale (which has more parameters) or from the APACHE II scale (which is measured in hospital).
Because writing an unfavorable review of a (bad) feminist book would be tantamount to treachery, such books are often unjustifiably praised, as was the case with this work by Rosalind Miles, which was well received on its publication in June.
It sometimes takes work to construct constraints, and it takes constraints to get work.
To understand the potential, and the limitations, of fMRI, it's helpful to know how the technique works.
It is crucial to the strategic planning process to measure the volume of our grantees' work and to evaluate the success of their approaches.
The Center constructs a file of medical records in a standardized, subdivided sequence (hospital admission notes and discharge summaries; neurologic consultation notes; reports of computed tomographic and magnetic resonance imaging of the head; reports of imaging of the heart by transthoracic and transesophageal echocardiography; copies of electrocardiograms; reports of imaging of cervicocephalic vasculature by angiography using conventional, computed tomographic, or magnetic resonance techniques or by ultrasonography; and reports of blood work).
The process was not in operation during the site visit, so current work practices were not observed.
Some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step; if not, then the threads must be cut and the finished work put in an appropriate pile to be tied together when all the pieces of the bundle have been finished.
During the course of this work, three new Cre reporter strains that conditionally express EGFP were reported.
But I was actually asked by my friend at work, who said to me, would you be interested in having the ACLU contact you, and I said yes.
The descansos, erected alongside rural roads where someone has died, become works of art that convey spiritual sentiments.
One of the finest private collections in Europe (since bequeathed to Portugal), it was created as an exhibiton space for the thousands of works of art acquired by the renowned Armenian billionaire Calouste Gulbenkian.
For additional information on our work concerning corporate governance, the accounting profession, financial reporting, and related regulatory matters, please contact Jeffrey C. Steinhoff, Managing Director, Financial Management and Assurance, on (202) 512-2600 or at SteinhoffJ@gao.gov.
