It didn't last very long, but Miyares discovered he loved being a businessman.
The monastery’s museum traces the kingdom of Naples’ long history in costumes, sculpture, paintings, and prints.
The HCMV DNA was detected using HCMV1 (5' cct agt gtg gat gac cta cgg gcc a) and HCMV2 (5' cag aca cag tgt cct ccc gct cct c) primers producing 249 bp long amplicon and the DNA of HHV6 was amplified with specific primer pair HP0 (5' ccg caa tcg aat cca cct agc gg) and HP4 (5' gtg aga acg gat tcg aac agt gct g) yielding 440 bp product [ 23 24 ] . All amplifications were carried out with 20 pmol of each primer in 2 mM solution of MgCl 2 , 2 U of Tag Special DNA polymerase (Biovendor, Czech Republic), 0.3 mM of each dNTPs, 10× reaction buffer and 1 μg of isolated DNA according to the following conditions: 96°C for 4 min, (94°C for 10 sec, 58°C for 10 sec, 72°C for 20 sec) 36 times, and final extension at 72°C for 2 min.
In fact, long product runs in men’s and unisex product lines, such as jeans, have made U.S. sewing operators extremely efficient.
Proboscis length affects the efficiency with which flowers of different depth are exploited (Inouye 1980); bumblebees with long proboscises preferentially exploit flowers with deep corollas, while bumblebees with short proboscises exploit shallow flowers (Heinrich 1976).
With such a long stretch of coast to cover and so many historic towns to visit inland, the Costa Blanca may seem difficult to navigate — particularly if you don’t have a car.
Mainly scrub-covered and only 3 km (2 miles) long, Labuhan Lalang’s coral reefs and clear water are highly rated among SCUBA divers.
This phenomenon has long confounded research on vitamin C, which, after almost two-dozen studies, has not been demonstrated to provide benefit in colds beyond its placebo effect.
Getting a federal government’s priorities in proper perspective, one member of parliament bemoaned the cultural center as “50 years ahead of its time — that’s how long it’ll take the taxpayers to meet the 500 percent cost overrun.”
Legend has it right, as it turns out, but it's a long hour before roguish adventurer Brendan Fraser can transport dimwitted 1920s Pandora heroine Rachel Weisz to Hamunaptra so that she can open the Book of the Dead and start stupidly incanting.
A long history of absorbing outside influences has resulted in a society in which people expect to have a Shinto baptism, a pseudo-Christian wedding (usually held in a hotel “chapel” and officiated by an unordained foreigner in a robe), and a Buddhist funeral.
The relative enhancement of force (P t */P t ) at a variety of sarcomere lengths is presented in Figure 2B, showing the strong length-dependence of the staircase response, with very little potentiation at long sarcomere lengths.
Although the number of operations partly determines how long it takes to get a garment through production, other factors come into play, including the firm’s policy about how many finished coats should be allowed to build up in work-in-process and finished goods inventory.
The issue of land sales has a long history as a subtheme of the Jewish-Arab struggle.
The cDNA sequence contained a 915-nucleotide long open reading frame corresponding to a polypeptide 304 amino acid in length and ending with a TAA stop codon.
Elegant Carrer Isabel II, a long string of mansions overlooking the harbor, leads to leads to the Baroque church Església Sant Francesc and the Museu de Menorca.
This custom suggests new stages in the old rebellion against religious strictures, which once demanded that female hair--divinely ordained to be long and seductive--be covered up lest it incite lust.
This has allowed men’s clothing manufacturers to capture the benefits of their own highly efficient sewing rooms through long production runs.
As reported in the press, at long last, President Nixon, in the privacy of the Oval Office, said to his trusted aide, "John, we have the power.
This could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.
' " This has left some friends with no option but to start "taking bets on how long the marriage lasts."
Lexicographic technocrats enjoy using terms like terminology, terminography, LSP language for special purposes, LGP language for general purposes, lemma, lexeme , and other words, reflecting the notion, long prevalent in psychology, sociology, and other social sciences, that if you can give a problem a name, you have somehow gone a long way toward solving it.
The good news about the near future will be bad news for the long run if it leads the president and Congress to put forward a plausible balanced-budget plan without beginning the dramatic Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security reforms that are required to avoid an economic catastrophe soon after 2010, when baby boomers will retire.
Long term stimulation studies
Given the long history of popular belief in the intrinsic superiority of certain classes of people—men, whites, Christians, Americans—the philosophical belief in equality stands as a critique of commonly held beliefs.
Locked in the Cabinet , Robert Reich's new memoir of his years as labor secretary in the Clinton administration, is an engaging policy memoir: insightful, often witty and, what's most unusual for wonk kiss and tells, easy to read, partly because it's told in long stretches of well-written dialogue that add up to scores of novelistic scenes of Washington at work.
The city walls, like much of the Old City, are composed of stones from many parts of the city’s long history.
On board the Kiowa, a female in what was obviously flight gear but exhibiting no identification, wrapped Achmed and Ambrose in thermal blankets and started iv drips to rehydrate them, pushing in a dose of ativan to calm frayed nerves, but instructing them to be conscious of long, slow breaths.
Trophoblastic elongation is initiated when a conceptus reaches a 10 mm sphere and then rapidly transforms into a long filamentous thread greater than 150 mm in length within 2-3 hrs [ 3 ] . The process of trophoblastic elongation is characterized by four distinct morphological stages (spherical, ovoid, tubular and filamentous).
Athens changed hands more than once during the long struggle in which many English, Scots, Irish, and French fought alongside the Greeks.
Elvis knows this is an obsession of mine; in Sunday's Chicago Sun-Times I published a long article that questions widespread beliefs about the Texas Instruments digital projection system and extols a much cheaper film projection system called MaxiVision48, which uses existing, proven technology, and produces a picture its patent holders claim is 500 percent better (not a misprint) than existing film or digital projection, take your choice.
Spielberg," Steven is denied "drive-on" privileges; the camera holds on him as he makes the long, grueling hike through the studio compound, and a passing tour bus driver draws attention to his lowly "walk-on" status.
Why this long discourse?
Editorialists groused about China's persistent evils but grudgingly conceded that it was a good idea to make nice with Jiang in the hope of reforming China over the long term.
It took a long time for them to be readmitted to positions of responsibility.
These researchers determined the fiber composition from the gastrocnemius muscle (the muscle of the calf of the leg) of 14 elite male long distance runners, 18 good (but not world-class) male long distance runners, and 19 untrained men.
Clearly, that is not to say that most words appearing in quotations in the OED and in any other (original) source are being used for the first time: on the contrary, it is very likely—and this might well apply to terms of art of a specialized field and, particularly, the speech of sailors, who did not enjoy an entirely savory reputation—that the terms were in oral use for a long time before they were written down.
The most popular cars to lower are long ones, such as Fords, Buicks, and Chevrolets.
Jesse Ventura is the product of Minnesota political culture, with its mix of Yankee and Germanic reformism and its long history of influential regional third-party movements such as the Nonpartisan League and the Farmer-Labor party.
Inside the mouth, a passage measuring 12 m (39 ft) long leads to a plain transverse chamber reaching 31⁄2 m (11 ft) wide, 20 m (66 ft) long, and high enough to stand up in.
Its graduates have started 4,000 companies and the list of its Nobel Prize Winners is long.
There followed a long period of peace and prosperity known as the Pax Romana.
This story of a long and stormy love affair between a fallen angel and a 19 th century French vintner is described alternately as having "a ferocious display of inventive power" ( Kirkus Reviews ) and as having "a disconcerting hollowness" (Richard Eder, the Los Angeles Times ). The critics agree on the flashes of brilliance in her writing; the disagreement is over how consistently Knox puts it all together.
Long timers with 20 years of active duty or active reserve service who qualify for retired pay upon retirement at age 60;
AL357553) revealed that it is a large gene with a coding sequence of 3105 bp long, having 23 exons spread over ~68.
Balance quick successes with long term impact by
In the novel Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison, he describes the zoot--suiters’ style, “walking slowly, their shoulders swaying, their legs swinging from their hips in trousers that ballooned upward from cuffs fitting snug about their ankles; their coats long and hip-tight with shoulders far too broad to be those of natural western men” (1947, 380).
98% in 2000), and a long way from the target of 3%.
The long thin strip of Orange Island (Juzizhou), rich in oranges among other crops, bisects the river and in the early 20th century was home to a small band of Western traders and missionaries.
Not only are function and form separate, over their long lives buildings can successfully accommodate a variety of uses.
High praise for the latest effort from the 44-year-old Southern roots singer, dubbed "album of the year" by Spin . Her charms: a craggy voice and unsentimental (sometimes gothic, sometimes macho) lyrics, refreshing in a world inundated by "cookie-cutter Lilith-ready wimps" (David Browne, Entertainment Weekly ). Critics predict that Williams will finally emerge from her long sojourn as a cult star to become a genuine pop star.
It's a natural story for the tabloids, but it caught them all with their pants down when it first appeared in a long, entertaining piece in the Washington Post .
The easternmost stretch of the Royal Mile — only 50 m- (55 yards-) long — is called Abbey Strand.
John Gillespie, a population biologist now at the University of California at Davis, showed some years ago that amino acid substitutions seemed to come in short bursts that accumulate over long periods of time to a rough molecular clock that “stutters.”
At a level of complexity above atomic nuclei, once into the realm of complex molecules, the universe will not, cannot, come to equilibrium, on vastly long timescales compared to its historical age.
It doesn't take long to create the calc sheets.
For the same reasons, leprosy is now called Hansen's disease , and mongolism has become Down syndrome ; people who were once called crazy, mad, lunatic, demented, etc., are now categorized as sick . All this name changing is mere logomancy which neither changes the fact that there is something wrong with the afflicted nor, in the long run, our attitudes towards them.
His radicalism, however, did not last long.
However, Delta did not stay secret for long.
The celebrant wears a long white gown, similar to a wedding dress; has fifteen maids, damas, with their escorts, chambelanes; and sometimes performs a choreographed dance or waltz.
Hugues’ reign on Guadeloupe didn’t last long, but it was bloodthirsty enough to be recalled vividly even today.
It didn't take long to trace the sudden interest in Twain's bovine toilette to the Nov. 2 edition of London's Daily Telegraph . The Star 's Carolyn Callahan was apparently so enamored of the interview Twain gave to the Telegraph that she tried to replicate it exactly: The first five quotes from Twain in her piece are identical to those in reporter Judith Woods' original, although Woods and the Telegraph are never mentioned.
There's a long unattributed quote and an unsourced reference to a photograph.
The process usually takes too long, and in the final analysis, the most severe sanction the AICPA can impose is expulsion from the Institute.
The development of Microsoft FashionSense 2.0 is long overdue, and I for one would like to offer my services as a volunteer beta tester.
Donald Trump is still shamelessly self-promoting, monumentally egotistical, and greedy, concludes a long profile.
Nearby is the Catedral de San Isidro, built in the early 1600s and long the provisional cathedral of Madrid.
Such a protein, A, say, thirty-two amino acids long, might act on two fragments, say, fifteen amino acids and seventeen amino acids in length, and ligate the two to make a second copy of the thirty-two amino acid sequence.
Increased worker productivity, in turn, leads to higher real wages and greater economic growth over the long term.
Since solute absorption is, in general, a slowly varying and smooth process, relatively long time intervals can be used and this latter constraint is not usually limiting.
I am just amazed when I see one of you at a dental meeting; you just don't look like you have been in practice that long!
I dream'd this mortal part of mineWas Metamorphoz'd to a Vine;Which crawling one and every wayEnthralled my dainty Lucia .Me thought, her long small legs &amp; thighsI with my Tendrils did surprize;Her Belly, Buttocks, and her WasteBy my soft Nerv'lits were embrac'd :About her head I writhing hung,And with rich clusters (hid amongThe leaves) her temples I behung:So that my Lucia seem'd to meYoung Bacchus ravisht by his tree.My curles about her neck did craule,And armes and hands they did enthrall;So that she could not freely stir,(All parts there made one prisoner.)
It was he who led Venison to the loft above the horse stalls for long heart-to-hearts and masturbation as summer rains raised the smells of damp hay and animal excretions.
The Costa del Sol is an ideal place for vacationing families with kids — it is, after all, one long beach.
For the advocates of the butchers’ economic rights, the critical perspective was the long history of emancipating craftsmen and laborers from the feudal bondage that subjected them to a network of service and financial obligations.
Furuimachinami is quieter and more residential, with long, two-story, unpainted dark timber houses, lattice façades, and low-balconied verandahs, plus a few flowers and shrubs in pots or hako-niwa box gardens to add some color.
Store buyers succeeded by striking deals with apparel manufacturers for large shipments of white shirts at the lowest possible price and with long delivery lead times.
This was illustrated above in a comparison of the same total daily propranolol dose given either 3 times per day using standard propranolol or once per day as the long acting form.
As a political reporter, I desperately long to watch two candidates with enough self-confidence and authenticity to resist the prefabricated political dictates of the campaign consultants.
BankBoston is largely in the business of lending money at long term--say, 30-year mortgages--yet it offers depositors such as me, who supply that money, the right to withdraw it any time we like.
Dunhuang has come a long way since the days when the Silk Road camel trains stopped here.
Usually residues with long side chains have more rotameric fluctuations [ 23 ] . Occasionally we find they may bind with another residue within the tripeptide and end up being rigid.
screened for C-terminal Gal4BD peptides, 8 amino acids long.
The Guggenheim has three distinct types of gallery spaces: traditional, skylit rooms for displaying its permanent collection of early Modernist art; a long boat-like space for temporary installations; and 11 smaller galleries, each with its own character, each dedicated to the works of a selected living artist.
We postulate that a large fraction of H +-ATPase-specfic Cy-labeled targets (which on average should be 100-200 nucleotides long) were available for hybridization to complementary sequences found on the longer PCR amplicon probe but absent on the shorter 70-mer probe (for example, sequences downstream of the 70-mer).
Linked to La Maddalena by a 7–km- (4–mile-) long causeway, the isle of Caprera was the last home of Giuseppe Garibaldi, military leader of the Risorgimento movement for Italian unity (see page 32).
On land, you can fill your day with tennis and golf along with long walks and beach activities.
Molecular phylogenetic analyses demonstrate stability of these obligate mutualists over long evolutionary periods, ranging from tens to hundreds of millions of years.
Although most known pre-miRNAs in Drosophila , Caenorhabditis , mice and humans form relatively canonical stem-loops of around 70 to 100 nucleotides in length, plant miRNA precursors are often processed through exceptionally long stem-loops (many 150 nucleotides or longer) [ 14 15 16 ] . miR-125 is a member of the Drosophila reference set that received a low score by our informatic procedure, possibly because it may derive from an unusually long stem-loop (120 nucleotides), only a portion of which was included in the queried window.
I sensed my long search would uncover issues that were then only dimly visible to me.
There would follow a long war, the first real one in Europe since World War II, that would cause many, many dead and even more refugees."
Thus, Tat requires minimally the transcription of TAR before it can stimulate HIV transcription from the long terminal repeat (LTR).
Under the traditional model, retailers ordered desired products far in advance of the selling season because their apparel suppliers charged less for large runs and long lead times with long periods of advance commitment.
The cyclic reinvasion model for long term persistence of a selfish genetic element through homing [ 38 ] suggests that the small Thermoplasma intein evolved through reduction from a large endonuclease containing intein similar to the one found in the pyrococcal A-ATPase.
This hypothesis asserts that the trajectory of states leading from the initial state in a long stringlike “walk” will, over time, spend as much time in any small 6N cube as in any other cube.
Let us modify the device such that the cannonball, after hitting the paddle wheel and setting it spinning, is deflected downward onto the ground and digs a long shallow groove in the dirt, with high sides due to the displaced dirt.
Although TSDs longer than this have been found in new insertions [ 14, 32], it is possible that long TSDs are eliminated or unstable in the human genome.
In fact, the gross inequities and disastrous inefficiencies of imposing long, mandatory minimum sentences on nonviolent, low-level drug offenders are acknowledged by virtually everyone familiar with the criminal justice system who isn't running for office.
Each included a tiny red T-shirt, a blue turtleneck, pink long johns, and two pairs of socks--one lime green, one vibrant purple.
While a burnt-out hack like Lurie sweats bullets trying to be Levine (and failing every single solitary day of his long and lucrative life), excellent cartoonists figure out how to draw in a way that perfectly supports the statement they're making.
