The concept of lung fibroblasts as effector cells in the pathogenesis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) has recently evolved [ 1 2 ] . Lung fibroblasts respond, in vitro , to inflammatory cytokines by producing growth factors and collagen, resulting in fibroblast proliferation and extracellular matrix deposition [ 2 3 4 ] . In addition, activated lung fibroblasts have been shown to produce large amounts of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines, in vitro , and hence, these cells may also have a role as effector-inflammatory cells [ 1 2 ] . This capacity to produce both inflammatory and fibrotic factors could mean that phenotypically altered lung fibroblasts act simultaneously as effector and target cells, via paracrine and autocrine mechanisms, perpetuating the fibrotic process [ 2 ] .
But it is known that it was used as an initiation ritual among friends and peers, to show solidarity and allegiance to a particular barrio.
The emperor flatly turned him down but thanked him for showing such “submissive loyalty in sending this tribute mission.”
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
Of course, the paper should have mentioned that this hardly counts against the idea of streamlining bureaucracy--it only shows that not all reinventions are equally good ones.
Two examples of strain-specific genes not identified in the previous work are shown in more detail Figure 4a.
Today, besides some (real) Huron Indians, costumed students show you how the community functioned with priests, carpenters, gardeners, and blacksmiths.
The second scene shows Dad holding the ball for a place kick.
2 This variety is portrayed in Table 3.1, which shows the number of SKUs provided annually by different types of retailers over the course of a year.
BBC 1 and ITV will generally show films uncut after 10 pm; BBC 2 and Channel 4 after 9. When films are shown before those hours there is a danger that the viewer might be confused by abrupt cuts and bleeps.
A visit begins with a tour of the Cuarto del Almirante (the Admiral’s Apartments), where a painting of the Virgen de los Mareantes (Virgin of the Mariners) in the chapel shows Columbus sheltered beneath the Virgin’s cloak.
The figure shows a typical bilipid membrane, small organic molecules of dierent species, A, B, C, D, E, F, G, a transmembrane channel, and so forth.
It now shows more than 1000 films each year including many outdoor screenings and other artistic performances in the summer.
In so doing, he shows us that a great deal of sadism, animality, and outright lust can lurk behind people's anodyne professions that they just want to "uphold the law" or "maintain a level of decency."
We show here that mice deficient in IL-4 develop arthritis that is significantly more severe than in wild-type animals.
We extend these findings by showing CXCR3 expression on lung macrophages and CD4 + T cells in emphysema patients and the functional interplay between Th1-related chemokines and elastolytic MMPs.
We found that the labeling patterns for these two antibodies in muscle tissue counterstained with bungarotoxin and anti-D-AKAP1 (data not shown) was not modified from that found when counterstained with bungarotoxin and a mitochondrial marker (see below), indicating partial colocalization of D-AKAP1 with RIIα but, little if any overlap with RIIβ.
A real gentleman, meanwhile, might have protected Stone from showing so much flesh to so little effect.
The Laemmle Theater chain shows top foreign releases, while the Wells Fargo Theater at the Autry Museum of Western Heritage features matinée heroes such as Hopalong Cassidy and the Lone Ranger.
Dark-haired girls could dye their hair blond, but no trace of the original color was permitted to show.
In an economy where many products are hand-made, each item has a different value depending on the quality of workmanship it shows.
This Trog, character should be shown worshiping Joan Crawford."
Furthermore, in sections where one of the antisera (either MIF or TH/SP) had been omitted, but still processed for double immunofluorescence, only the appropriate immunoreactivity was observed, indicating that the secondary antibodies were not cross reacting to produce spurious labeling (data not shown).
Floor Shows
Recent Wyncom flops: Spending weeks and losing half a million dollars getting just 5,250 people into Denver's big basketball arena to hear Tom Peters, and losing $700,000 when only 2,700 folks showed up at the Georgia Dome to hear Covey and Colin Powell.
Map 33 shows the distribution of child (most of southern England) and of bairn (north of a slightly wavy line between Boston, on the Wash to the east, and Lancaster, on the west coast).
On Lakeview Drive is the Diefenbaker Homestead, brought here from near Saskatoon to give a vivid insight into the simple country life led by Saskatchewan’s most famous son before he went off to Ottawa “to show them Yanks and Ruskies a thing or two.”
Not so its cousin, time warp (fathered by Walter M. Miller in 1954: “They showed me a dozen pictures of moppets with LTR-guns, moppets in time-warp suits, moppets wearing Captain Chronos costumes.
Our calculation shows the normal distribution assumption is not an appropriate one.
Newsweek shows them "the secret life of teens," while Time tells them how to protect Web-surfing kids from online perils.
Aside from the stunning views, Santorini has many more delights to show its visitors, with 12 villages to visit set among agricultural land.
These results show the critical dependence of this method on the choice of time points used for the breakpoints.
He's not confident that his argument addresses what he feels is an underlying problem; he wants to show that it's ok to love this place while fighting for a new global order that does away with American superpower.
Many of the famous vineyards are open to visitors, but tasting is strictly for serious customers who show a clear intention to buy.
In the second room, sacrificial objects unearthed in ancient tombs are shown alongside pots, a plow, and armor.
As coiled-coil motifs show a characteristic seven amino acid repeat pattern, with each repeat representing two turns of the α-helix, it is interesting that three positions identified as important to the LcrG-LcrV interaction (16, 23, and 30) are each separated by seven amino acids.
[Pictures of lush land, with mountains in the background are shown, then police officers in riot gear forcibly ousting the men,] ". . whom the government calls invaders, as well as their cattle.
Figure . shows that the distribution is a power law, with many small and few large extinction events.
Le Monde said that even U.S. consumers are beginning to show anxiety about GM foods.
Ticket offices (billeteries) at FNAC or Virgin Megastore, both on the Champs-Elysées, will show what groups are in town.
This report also reviews the evidence that these M/Z values are consistent with LPA family members [ 19 ] . Figure 4shows the average intensities and p-values for both the cancer and control groups in the region between M/Z values of 410 to 470.
The fitness contribution is drawn from the uniform interval between . and .. Thus, instead of the Boolean functions described above showing when genes turn on and o, here I obtain a column vector for each of the to the (K + ) allele states aecting a given gene, and in each position is a random decimal.
Videotape of her answers will be shown to the Arkansas Whitewater grand jury, which will disband May 7. Pundits played up the tension between Starr and the first lady (since she recently called him "a politically motivated prosecutor who is allied with the right-wing opponents of my husband") and debated whether he will indict her.
Different hybridization and wash conditions were tested (data not shown).
PGE 2 has also been shown to stimulate cAMP formation in several renal tissues, notably preglomerular microvasculature [ 14 ] , renal glomeruli [ 40 ] , thin descending limb [ 41 ] , medullary and cortical thick ascending limb, and collecting duct [ 29 42 ] . Although EP
Including the views of responsible officials produces a report that shows not only what was found, and what the auditors think about it, but also what the officials in the audited entity think about the report and what they plan to do about it.
Within the cloister, in the north gallery, is a striking fresco of the Triumph of Death (1360) showing how a humble person and an aristocrat face the same destiny.
Our results show that unmodified oligonucleotides can provide an accurate, reproducible and cost-effective means to measure gene-expression profiles.
A second inner pylon shows Ptolemy XIII paying homage to Isis who is flanked by her husband Osiris and Horus.
Most of our surrogates have been shown to have either agonist or antagonist activity in the appropriate biochemical and/or biological models ( [ 7 ] manuscripts in preparation).
It shows the largest collection of paintings by native of Gloucester Fitz Hugh Lane (1804–1865) along with works by other artists who visited Cape Ann — Winslow Homer, Milton Avery, and others.
In recent years, the IRA has shown a greater interest in solutions short of reunification.
Subsequently, sequence analysis identified KRC as a member of the ZAS family of proteins which share the ability to bind κB-like motifs [ 15 ] . DNA competition analysis showed that KRC fusion proteins containing the ZAS-C domain bind specifically to both the RSS and to the κB motif [ 14 28 ] . DNA footprinting analysis further showed that KRC/ZAS-C binds to specific nucleotides within the κB and the heptamer of the RSS [ 14 ] . In this study, using a PCR-based DNA-binding site-selection and amplification procedure, we demonstrated that both the N-terminal ZAS-N and the C-terminal ZAS-C domains are able to bind GT-rich DNA sequences, and confirmed that the RSS and κB motifs are the high-affinity targets of KRC.
The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%; lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%; enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and friends.
Our report shows a determined and capable group of plotters.
When corporations moved in with more stringent departmental accounting procedures, every sector of a hotel-casino had to show success.
The results show that Met can be detected in the axillary drainage, and although the number of patients was not high, Met is associated with unfavorable prognostic factors.
One possible explanation for this result is that Ras increases the amount of p35-C/EBPβ or Elk-1 protein in the COS-7 cells, but Western blot analysis showed that both p35-C/EBPβ and Elk-1 protein levels are the same in the absence and presence of Ras (data not shown).
At this time, we also turn to friends like you, asking you to show that you share in our sense of pride by continuing to support the School's Annual Fund.
In the adjoining St. Patrick’s Park is a marker showing the site of St. Patrick’s Well.
Depending on the club, the show may feature flamenco performances, drag acts, or shows with semi-nude women.
The only problem here, which the Post doesn't notice, is that mere racial disproportionality shows nothing of the sort.
The results shown here demonstrate that inhibition of MEK with U0126 quantitatively inhibits both ERK phosphorylation and AA release in MDCK cells in response to [Ca 2+] i mobilization.
Vyvyan sees his point: "First of all, the fMRI is not precise enough to show that the very same neurons are active in both cases.
A typical marker for men’s pants is shown in Figure 8.1 (page 137).
The STSL locus was mapped to the same position as shown by the diagrammatic representation of the rat Chr.
reduced first-time drug use by 46% lowered school absenteeism by 52% cut violent behavior by 33% enhanced school performance showed improved peer and family relationships
While critics find the ex-basketball star irresistibly likable, his show "is a crashing bore" (Marvin Kitman, Newsday ). His monologues are judged clunky and not funny, and "his mode of interviewing consists mainly of salivating over guests for being on the show" (Howard Rosenberg, the Los Angeles Times ). It uses the same A-list of stars who appear on Leno and Letterman, leading critics to wonder, "How many talk shows does any viewer need?"
In Varadero, the Cabaret Continental at the Hotel Internacional (shows nightly from 8:30pm to 3am) pales in comparison with the former venues but is nonetheless an enjoyable and sometimes fairly raunchy song-and-dance extravaganza.
Two small samples: high-speed maglev trains that run on water, Alan Sorkin TV shows that aren't sentimental twaddle.
Regulars have shown up yearly for decades.
While the rest of China is celebrating with paper lanterns, Harbin is showing off with lanterns carved out of ice in its Ice Lantern Festival, held downtown in Zhaolin Park.
Previously, PMA was shown to augment IFNg-mediated MHCII expression in MHCII-inducible tumor cell lines [ 19 20 ] . Here, we report that the presence of PMA in tissue culture restores IFNg-dependent MHCII expression in the poorly-responding LS1034 colon carcinoma cell line but fails to produce this effect in two other IFNg-resistant cell lines, MSTO-211H mesothelioma and HepG2 hepatocellular carcinoma.
Be advised that it is traditional for showgirls in Las Vegas production shows to be topless, and that tradition continues; many shows are not appropriate for children.
The superficial layer of the urothelium showed slight MIF immunostaining but also showed areas that appeared clear of MIF staining (Fig 1B).
Dissenters include Amy Gamerman of the Wall Street Journal , who says it's dated ("Salesman is showing its age") and Slate 's Jacob Weisberg, who praises this production but calls the play itself "unrelieved and unchallenging."
Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well being.
The detection limit of this assay was less than 0.00001 U E. coli RNAseH (data not shown).
A delicate rock crystal rhyton on display here shows the sophistication of both workmanship and personal taste in the New-Palace period.
His 1885 work The Potato Eaters shows the hard lives endured by the rural poor among whom Van Gogh lived at this time.
Several of the windows show Bible scenes on a majestic scale, but look also for the simple red door above which is written the advice “marry in haste, repent at leisure.”
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built, while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining.
And most polls show that the American public ranks lower taxes low on the totem pole of priorities for the government.
The distributions of cells in G1, S and G2/M, in the presence or absence of C/EBPα expression, were similar for cells grown for 24 (reported here), 48 or 72 hours (data not shown) prior to nocodazole addition.
It may have been a mea culpa , but there wasn't much culpa to show for it.
Meaning has actually tended to be a pitfall for him, as is shown by his topical posters, only one of which is displayed here, a dully literal item for Earth Day 1970.
2) It shows pot is toxic.
The rosy spin: We're showing the world democracy in action.
Kincaid's favorite fictional themes show up in My Brother , and they gain from the real-life urgency.
The cell line expressing GFP alone showed diffuse nuclear and cytoplasmic green fluorescence (Figure 4A).
The skeletal nature of the EC coupling expressed by fs-α 1S is shown in Fig.
Shows 6 and 8:30pm; $45 or less.
Victorian eyes fancied dense patterns that were likely to show up in waistcoats and on wainscotting.
The larger the variation is, the higher the inventory level should be for an item to satisfy demand, as shown in the fourth and fifth columns of Table 7.2.
No change was seen in the level of the internal control Renilla luciferase with varying concentrations of GS-E (raw data not shown but effect accounted for in the calculation as defined above).
We have shown that α-actinin is abundant in the bone marrow stroma matrix, presumably at focal adhesion sites [ 5 ] . We have also reported that a 31 kDa amino-terminal α-actinin fragment, which we have named mactinin, is generated by the degradation of extracellular α-actinin by monocyte-secreted urokinase [ 6 ] . Furthermore, we have demonstrated that mactinin is present in inflammation caused by Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, by examining bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from mice with infection [ 6 ] . It was not present in mice not challenged with P. carinii , suggesting that inflammaton is necessary for mactinin formation.
Someone has to come up with an argument that shows why their preferred form of social organization should induce the rest of us as rational agents to sign on to their program.
Attorney's office put forward, some evidence showing that the men in the dock were not the only plotters.
The impact of these new policies on retailing and manufacturing sectors may have begun to show up in economy-wide measures of inventory.
Finally, a comparison of annual growth rates for 1993-97 in Table 3 with those in Table 6 shows the following: (a) the 5.9 percent annual decrease of the total number of payments in Table 3 has been augmented to a 7.2 percent annual decrease of the number of payments per household in Table 6; and (b) the 1.0 percent annual increase of total number of bills in Table 3 has shrunk to a 0.3 percent annual decrease of the number of bills per household in Table 6.
