Several islands and Greek city-states agreed to work together, and created a treasury to fund their plans, which was held on the island of Delos.
However, a movement was growing on the Greek peninsula against Ottoman rule and for an independent Greek state.
Although this attempt was unsuccessful, the campaign for a Greek state continued into the 19th century and began to grow in strength.
Politically, the 1990s have been relatively quite times for the islands, although the divorce of Greek prime minister Andreas Papandreou and his subsequent marriage to a much younger woman caused consternation within conservative Greek society.
t is no accident that the words for economics and ecology have the same Greek root, “house.”
uh Greek gods and and Greek um mythology
from very different you know so so they had you could have one class in the philosophy of something that that the philosophy of Greek mythology or something that actually approached this or um
um your Greek and Roman coins might you know if if they're um
Sixty-one scenes from the Greek prayer Lord, Thou Art Great by renowned icon painter Ioánnis Kornáros (1770) are among the highlights, along with jewel-encrusted vestments and reliquaries of precious metals.
Each dive center is registered by the Greek government, and qualified to offer training for novice divers and supervision for qualified divers.
A.D. can be found in a Greek manuscript written almost 1500 years later.
The year before the outbreak of the American Revolution, Priestley succeeded in removing from air, so he thought, the substance called phlogiston which was thought to be what put fires out, and dubbed his dephlogisticated air oxygen because he supposed it to be an essential ingredient of acids (Greek oxy -, sharp—as in oxymoron —plus - gen , related to the verb gignomai , I become, happen, am born) .
The Persians were followed by Alexander the Great, after whom came two Greek generals Seleucus and Ptolemy, who brought Hellenistic control to the Eastern Mediterranean for some two centuries.
There are over 20 nightclubs to choose from, some of them offering Greek, Oriental, or Jamaican themes.
Princess Alice, who lived much of her later life in religious seclusion, was posthumously honored by the State of Israel for saving the lives of a Jewish family by hiding them at the Greek royal palace during World War II.
Another possibility is gerontoetymonym, (pronounced ger-ON-to-ehTYM-o-nym) using the combining forms geronto- meaning old (from the Greek gerontos meaning old man) and etymo-.
And, where the reference is made in the first paragraph to “the twanging release of Ulysses' silver bow,” that the bowman is not Ulysses but Apollo, shooting into the Greek camp.
Because these rhythms differ from the four beats to a bar notation we are accustomed to in the West, Greek music sometimes can be difficult to follow.
Which of the following are genuine sources of Greek animosity?
In the 20th century, Hollywood added its own slant to the legends, and every school child learns about the gods of the ancient Greek world — of Zeus, Athena, and Apollo.
Much of the island was left in ruins from heavy bombing, but Crete escaped the internal strife of the civil war that raged in mainland Greece (1947–1949) and felt fewer effects of the oppressive ‘rule of the colonels’ (1967–1974) than other Greek communities.
It is basically composed of 29 percent Anglo-Saxon and 60 percent Romance (including Latin and Greek) words.
Although the warm, clear waters of the Aegean constitute a near-perfect diving environment, until recently the Greek government was rightly concerned about the possible damage divers might do to submerged ancient sites, and diving was prohibited.
A Greek minority demands that Macedonia, with its ethnically Albanian majority, be absorbed into Greece.
Traditional designs abound, including marine themes, Minoan designs, and Classical Greek imagery.
Such a situation did prevail in the earliest beginnings of the writing of Greek, in which can be seen the truest forerunner of the modern alphabet: as an artifact it is valuable to us as a key to studying ancient Greek dialects; applied to modern English it would contribute nothing more than utter confusion.
Adams set a rigorous course of study for young John, assigning him, for example, to read Thucydides' History of the Peloponnesian War in the original Greek, at age 10.
If the inhabitants are predominantly of a particularly ethnic stock, they might like to commemorate Italian painters, Spanish poets, or Greek playwrights; if they are of a classical bent, they can find names of important works of Latin and Greek literature; on the other hand, if they like modern music, they can name their streets after rock groups or stars.
' For English, this means a capacity to add the Latinate onto the vernacular, then Greek onto the Latinate, so that you can eat a hearty breakfast, and be cordial afterwards without suffering from cardiac arrest.
The town is as popular with European vacationers today as it was with Greek and Roman colonizers in ancient times.
As regular readers of such publications as Greek, Roman, and Byzantine Studies ; the Classical Journal ; and the Journal of Biblical Literature are by now well aware, a dispute has long simmered about whether people in ancient times read to themselves silently, as we moderns do, or mostly read aloud.
Meriut, mermeriut in a Greek magical text of the 3rd c.A.D.
It has a program of new and established works in addition to choral, opera, and other musical performances by Greek and international musicians and dance groups.
The strongest protests come not from British scholars, however, but from Greek ones.
That brings us to the Septuagint, the Greek translation of the Hebrew Old Testament “said to have been made by 72 Palestinian Jews during the third century B.C. at the command of Ptolemy Philadelphus.
My fellow Slate columnist Robert Wright asked me recently: "Isn't it slightly absurd to apply the prefix over to something whose Greek root means under ?" As Wright knows, the hype in overhype probably comes from hypodermic , as in needle, the components of that term deriving from Greek words meaning "under the skin."
Another significant break-through was that of Michael Ventris (1922-1956), who deciphered the Linear B script found on Crete and identified it as an early form of Greek.
This, in turn, would inspire Greece to intervene to restore order and protect the Greek minority in Macedonia.
The play recounts Wilde's downfall, says USA Today 's David Patrick Stearns, "with the inevitability and much of the monumentality of a Greek tragedy."
Two Greek elements, ō `the letter “o” '+ mêga `large, great,' combine to make omega . It contrasts with ō + micron `small' which form omicron , the “smaller” o of the Greek alphabet.
Around 1200 b.c., Dorian invaders from the Balkans drove south through the Greek mainland, the Aegean islands, and across to Crete.
Although this attempt was unsuccessful, the campaign for a Greek state continued into the 19th century and began to grow in strength.
Words of Church Slavonic origin mingle freely with a large body of Turkish words--a legacy of five hundred years of occupation--along with words from Romany, Romanian, Modern Greek, German, French, Italian, Tatar, and Macedonian.
Many islands will also have one venue for Greek night, an evening of culinary and cultural delights.
Partridge came through Old French and Latin perdīcem, from Greek pérdīx `partridge,' which is related to pérdesthai `to fart.
She was a stalwart of Greek nationalism.
It’s no surprise to discover that it is the most popular form of Greek music heard on the radio today.
Technology and transportation have yielded computer, laser, transistor , and watt , all unchanged in Greek, as are bulldozer, ferryboat, tunnel , and yacht.
Bible translators today as a general rule prefer to translate from the original languages--for the Old Testament (or Hebrew Bible), Hebrew and Aramaic, for the New Testament, Greek.
Solid gold workmanship and other metal ornaments and tools showed a Greek influence, but the Etruscans’ vaulted architecture, town planning, and irrigation systems were indigenous.
