After the war, in 1949, the Dodecanese islands finally became part of the Greek nation.
I would like to do that, because of my own health conditions, maybe on Friday in terms as to a deposition, if that works within anybody's schedule, and then maybe the latter part of next week.
This is a point which should be appreciated by well-meaning anthropologists who have bad experience in the difficulties of field-work in various parts of the world.
This is one of the best, and interesting parts of his book.
As founding general partner and chief scientist, I duly authorized the expenditure of $. to buy a largish box of Lego parts.
But, um, because the, the general consensus was that she was too scared or somehow felt insecure and she couldn't be a part of the world they never, they never said, "Oh, she, she did this because this is what she believes."
From Front Street, a ten-minute walk up the steep incline of King Street leads to Fort Hamilton, which was built in 1889 to protect the harbor and formed part of a line of defense for the naval dockyard to the west.
It may be hard to detect outbreaks that affect only a small part of a single zip code, especially if the background rate of the syndrome is fairly high.
Much more interesting and exciting is to continue on about 25 miles to Tetuan, Morocco, parts of which seem to have remained unchanged for centuries.
This coming January, you will take part in all the glitter and glamour of the official Presidential Inaugural, including the swearing in ceremony, Inaugural Parade, and the Inner Circle Black Tie Ball on January 19th.
In particular, the women have been seized and burned as witches-all part of the male-supremacist purge of women's leadership in spreading the real, revolutionary93 news of the gospels.
And the, the fragments, as they call them, cut him here [indicates several parts of body], cut him here, cut his here, cut him here, and I don't know where else, but there were many, but the deepest one was this one .
The vice president, it appeared, had read At Home in the Universe, or parts of it.
The building itself was built in 1926 and built especially to house the institute’s collection of artifacts from the tropics.Today the aim of the museum is to improve our knowledge of the world’s tropical areas, and promotes an understanding of the peoples in these developing parts of the world.
oran-kori `without a date': oran `no one's there' + kori, the “-choly” part of melancholy
See discussion supra Part II(C)(1).
Given what we know about the way people use mental accounting in order to manage their money--putting different kinds of money into different kinds of accounts, rather than thinking about their money as part of a single account--it's hard to believe that people are out there spending lavishly because their 401Ks, which they know they won't be touching for decades, are flush.
You can be a part of it all!
Other exhibits include gilded thrones studded with precious stones, a pair of solid gold candlesticks set with 666 diamonds (one for each verse of the Koran), and reliquaries containing the hand and part of the skull of John the Baptist.
There was also a candy store about three or four blocks in the other direction called Pud's that we used to walk up to and across the street from Pud's was the local fire department and the uh the firemen used to let us play on the fire engines which is completely unheard of nowadays but they let us you know climb all over them, get inside and honk the horns you know put on fire jacket and boots or whatever we wanted to do and uh I guess there just weren't a lot of fires in Asheville in that part of town because they never seemed to be concerned that we would be interfering with their preparedness.
You can help be a part of this magic.
None of the requests we received for assistance involved the actual payment part of the process, and therefore we are not covering that aspect in this document.
Nichos are also constructed as part of yard shrines to house a favorite saint or La Virgen de Guadalupe or another Madonna.
and uh it's amazing how these things work one of my most um amazing amazing things is to me is that what appears to be the major part of the work basically putting the structure up happens very quickly
1A,1B), the caudal-ventral part of the cuneate nucleus (Fig.
One dalang (puppeteer), accompanied by a band of musicians playing oboe, drums, gongs, and cymbals, acts out all the parts and produces all the different voices.
But I think that the apparent brevity, which depends in part on whether you count words or syllables, is due much more to the heavy inflection of Russian that compresses meaning in single words.
no it it it something had happened outside of that you know and and it happened as as part of his junior college career
The team from the northern part of our county, North Stokes and we were the southern part, South Stokes.
Exhibit 6 provides a list of the health effect endpoints we quantified as part of our analysis of the Clear Skies Act, as well as references to the studies that serve as the basis for the C-R functions.
well if i work part time that might be doable
A recent cease-fire ended the Muslim government's six-year war with Armenia over control of a Christian enclave in the northeast part of the country.
The Garden of Gethsemane occupies the lower part of the slope, and various plots are cared for by different sects.
A popularly narrated legend found throughout the Southwest, south Texas, and even parts of northern Mexico that tells of the appearance of the devil at community dances, dance halls, and discotheques.
The manufacturer can then transport the cut parts for assembly to sewing rooms, which may be either local or out of the country.
As demonstrated in these studies, at least in part the mechanism involves mitochondrial dysfunction.
Part of the answer lies in the concept of broken symmetries.
But that's where she was, and so there the family was obviously concerned because she was in a, in a country that was under a lot of strife and conflict and, and, she was an in a part of an institution that was definitely, not only not supported, but was actually persecuted.
One part of the building slides under an adjoining bridge; another emerges from a reflecting pool.
The theater does not sit in splendid isolation but was part of a large settlement based around the Sanctuary of Asklepios — one of the most important centers of healing in the ancient world.
This “other” Balearics may not be as inexpensive or as accessible as the one sold by travel operators, but if visitors venture beyond the well-trodden tracks of their packaged predecessors, they’ll discover a spectacularly beautiful part of the world.
Another part is that the CDA was folded into the telecommunications bill, an acre of legislation that reorganizes one-seventh of the nation's economy.
In Mina, a language spoken in Togo and parts of Benin and Ghana, the verb to eat is used in many phrases that have nothing to do with food.
The mechanical device generally carries all parts of the finished garment.
Reduced rates are available at many hotels through tour operators that specialize in Israel or through airlines as part of land-package arrangements.
Lincoln’s second inaugural address is replete with references to the Bible, including, notably, the latter part of Psalm 19, 10: “The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring forever; the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether.”
This attitude [of evolutionists] has been characteristic of some parts of the education community that only they know what is best for kids."
A set of primitive parts and the transformations of those parts into other objects is a “technology graph.”
(5)(A) The term "baseline heat input" means, except under subpart 1 of part B and section 407, the average annual heat input used by a unit during the three years in which the unit had the highest heat input for the period 1997 through 2001.
The Center stimulated and coordinated collection of information by CIA stations, compiled the results, and passed selected reports to appropriate stations, the Directorate of Intelligence analysts, other parts of the intelligence community, or to policymakers.
