It included a determination to use military force if necessary to end al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
Constantinople was taken by Crusader forces in 1204, and they stripped the city of manyof its finest treasures — which now grace the public buildings of Venice — although a large consignment of books and manuscripts was transferred to the monastery at Patmos before the city fell.
i think it's i think if they put it into force more often they wouldn't have as many problems as they've got
Upon entering the work force, he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities.
Special Operations Forces into Afghanistan, perhaps as part of a team joined to a deployment of the CIA's own officers, would have required a major policy initiative (probably combined with efforts to secure the support of at least one or two neighboring countries) to make a long-term commitment, establish a durable presence on the ground, and be prepared to accept the associated risks and costs.
During World War II, the rapid advance of the German forces through mainland Greece in 1941 forced the Allies to retreat to Crete.
Once the opposition is dead, and all but the most compliant are purged from the dictator's forces, what's there to worry about?
In 1868 the Satsuma and Choshu clans, never a real threat to Tokugawa authority as long as they remained rivals, joined forces to overthrow the shogun and restore the authority of the emperor, the 14-year-old Mitsuhito.
According to the myth, the "ultra-secretive" WTO has become a sort of super-governmental body that forces nations to bow to the wishes of multinational corporations.
In their model, the minimal contractile force required for stabilizing each of these intermediate shapes is proportional to the global steady state stiffness of the cell and is dependent on the extent of furrow ingression.
Similarly, why is the Post waiting until page 32 to tell us that the U.S. has decided to send more than 2,000 Marines into Kosovo as part of a multi-national peace-keeping force?
In the Upper Basilica, reopened in 2000 after intense round-the-clock restoration, Cimabue’s works in the apse and left transept have turned black, looking like photo negatives because of the oxidized white lead in his paints, yet you can still feel the intensity of the crowd’s anguish in his Crucifixion, blessedly untouched by the earthquake’s damaging force.
A weaker America will result from the idea that we can triumph without peril to our armed forces.
Kemal handled the problem with his usual vigour and eloquence in a speech to the Assembly, by linking the power of the caliphate with that of the Assembly: “… It was by force that the sons of Osman seized the sovereignty and Sultanate of the Turkish nation… Now the Turkish nation has rebelled and has put a stop to these usurpers, and has effectively taken sovereignty and the Sultanate into its own hands.
The WP adds a more prosaic motivation: Fogleman's "displeasure over cuts ordered by Cohen in the new Air Force F-22 fighter."
The latter K +contraction was used for force normalization.
The CIA learned in the spring of 1998 that the Saudi government had quietly disrupted Bin Ladin cells in its country that were planning to attack U.S. forces with shoulder-fired missiles.
These early temples were destroyed by the Persian forces of Xerxes in 480 b.c.
With wily Prime Minister Giovanni Giolitti manoeuvering the forces of capital and labor, Italy began its 20th century in a blithe state of calm and prosperity known as Italietta.
put them in these Air Force bases that are closing and utilize those you know
Yesterday Milosevic reiterated his staunch refusal to withdraw forces from Kosovo--"even if the price is bombing"--and shunned meetings with American diplomats.
but so i was in the Air Force
i've got a a brother-in-law that's on the police force and and his uh
To relate the amount of cleavage furrow myosin-II to the potential forces that might be generated by the cleavage furrow cortex, we estimated the minimal force requirements for cell cleavage using the simple mathematical relationship proposed by Yoneda and Dan [ 4 ] . While oversimplified, the results from this analysis provide a basic framework for conceptualizing the meaning of our quantitative distribution and flux analyses.
The force is plotted relative to the highest force obtained at any length in a given experiment.
well right now i'm i'm just a student i only work part time but i i've work in the job force before and
you know each child has to learn at his own rate they can't keep force feeding things to each other and
Final Task Force Report - Board Approved
but the thing is is that they they didn't go into into Iraq and say you know because they have the force to go in there and say get out of the country you know you can seek seek asylum here and you can go there but no way are you going to rule ever again
The relation between mean ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and mean force from all the tissues that were stimulated with histamine is shown in the upper panel of Fig.
According to Democratic National Committee and Clinton-Gore campaign ads, Dole's plan was "risky" because it would "balloon the deficit" and force Congress "to cut Medicare, education, [and the] environment."
Article 9 renounced Japan’s right to maintain armed forces, although the ambiguous wording was later taken to permit the creati on of a “self-defense” force.
oh i guess the first thing has been the right for the right for women to vote i think that has been a major change and also the fact that um there are so much many more women in the work force nowadays
Many of you might find this a shocking statement, but even the Shopping Avenger sometimes gets smacked upside the head by the evil forces of rampant capitalism.
The endothelial monolayer in vivo acts as a signal transduction interface for mechanical forces, in particular, shear stress.
That order was processed and transmitted to Langley Air Force Base at 9:24.
Seven years later, the opposition of radical forces toppled Primo de Rivera from power.
The halt to air strikes in Iraq is reported to leave Saddam Hussein in power, U.N. weapons inspectors less likely than ever before to return, and the U.S. mapping a new strategy of "containment" against Iraq, with military forces remaining in the region indefinitely.
Militias in East Timor said they will restrict their armed forces to certain areas to prevent interference in tomorrow's referendum, according to a LAT front-pager.
The decision was made to import a work force from West Africa, resulting in some 600,000 slaves being transported to Jamaica over the next few decades.
Though vastly outnumbered and outgunned, Deveaux employed elaborate ruses with his little boats to convince the Spanish defenders that his force was overpowering.
the ones we see are Americans by marriage a huge number here in Colorado Springs there's an Air Force base and an army base
The statistical analysis revealed that the most important factor affecting the retention force was storage time (Tables 2and 5).
The allied forces of "morality," it says, are far more dangerous than the most "immoral" language.
Byron, who led the Greek armed forces in their fight for independence against the Ottoman Turks in 1824, is considered a national hero in Greece.
Here the remains of a massive Venetian fortress destroyed by invading Ottoman forces can be found.
Air Force F-16s tracking the plane could only watch as it flew on autopilot for over 1,000 miles, ran out of fuel, and plunged into a South Dakota swamp.
Only, in the stock market, the equilibrating force is unfettered greed.
And already combat forces are somewhat integrated in the Air Force (squadrons of pilots) and Navy (ship crews).
A onetime special forces officer, he had worked with Albright when she was ambassador to the United Nations and had served on the NSC staff with Clarke.
