We often hear about economic poverty, but what some of these young people are growing up with is emotional poverty-they have often given up on hope and the possibility of a successful future.
That incredible empire dominated the world and I imagine it did not seem possible to people living then that anyone could loosen that empire's grip on humanity.
“Thou shalt not murder” is a rule that we can expect people to follow, but “Thou shalt not kill” hardly lends itself to the same strict enforcement.
people that are uh criminals are the ones that are gonna get them and then you have no defense against these people when they do come into your house or something
i think they ought to teach people how to shoot them too how to take care of one how to act around one when they buy them
God gun control it's it's such a heated topic in the the and people get so emotional about it
they think it's ridiculous to have any kind of gun control but then of course they're hunters they know what they're doing they don't realize there're a bunch of crazy people out there that
yeah i've uh worked with a couple of people who have owned uh various years uh Mercedes and
Yiddish never apologizes for what it is—the earthy, wise soul of an expressive people learning that life is but a mingled yarn, good and ill together.
Aziz said: "The continuous falsehoods spread by Kuwait's rulers are aimed at manufacturing an artificial crisis to give the Americans and British a pretext to continue their attacks on Iraq and keep the sanctions against its people in place."
One, IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long.
"I think there's a real danger that people will lose benefits because they won't understand how to handle this (money)," said Glenda Harrison, staff attorney with the Northern Kentucky Legal Aid Society in Covington.
oh yeah there was a a big thing saying that it was you know invading people's rights and things like that
A technological visionary must tell people what they want to hear, because your company's stock won't rise if you spout an unpopular vision to analysts.
And, given the weak economy and the forthcoming budget cuts, these people need more help right now, not less.
It is often in the performance of highly charged personal rituals that people create folklore, folk art, and folk music.
Print publications have no clear idea of how many people read each copy of their publication and, conversely, how many individual pages of any given copy go unread.
We may not have had everything that we wanted or we'd seen other people have, but she made sure we had the necessary things that we needed.
Approximately two dozen people picketed the hospital in a peaceful effort to draw attention to what they perceive as nonconsensual genital mutilation.
He couldn't remember anymore what it was like to love anyone, let alone love the people.
Kinsley fails to address the main point of the privatization argument: Social Security changes people's behavior.
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers, these young people are self-confident, believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential.
maybe people would be stopped at doing something before they got to the point of
Audience participation is at fever pitch, with people yelling as their personal heroes enter: “We’ve waited for you! ”
When you give to United Way, you can rest assured that your gift will be used efficiently and effectively to help people in need here at home.
The beach is beautiful and all people are so friendly.
LSC Vice President for Programs Randi Youells and LSC Board Member Maria Luisa Mercado opened the three-day symposium by challenging conferees to help LSC develop practices and policies that guarantee high quality legal services to rural people - whether they are California farm workers, small farmers in the Midwest, migrant workers in the South, or Native Americans on reservations in the Southwest.
That same while that I was there at my brother's, we went to look for, the people who owned land, to see if they would give me, pasture land for the animals.
It used to be when you could come here that uh, that still the people who were native to Charlotte or to the South were the greatest number of the population.
but a lot of times people who are on drugs don't admit it
Reading this passionate language today, we can grasp the way so many people felt about the principles of “abstract justice” favoring the butchers.
Each risk analysis session takes approximately 4 hours and includes 7 to 15 people, though sessions with as many as 50 and as few as 4 people have occurred.
The Act named seventeen people who were entitled to exercise the privileges of the incorporated company, and, further, it imposed fines for every violation of the patent.
I want to return our government back to whom it belongs--the people.
We can fight for a global order that's fits for this earth, based on the desires we share with all people everywhere.
The rascuaches are the downtrodden, the lowly people, persona que no vale nada (person that is worth nothing).
a paper on that just how many people most of the people criminals has got drug problems you know it's just one of the major
More than 500 people were killed and many buildings damaged — you can see the bullet holes on the General Post Office building, and the Royal College of Surgeons — before the Rising was put down.
The LAT quotes an academic expert citing another: a decrease in the crack cocaine trade, caused by the proliferation of legal economic opportunities for young people.
but i tell you what the people of Dallas uh
"Having grown up poor myself, I know that a lot of people are taken advantage of and need someone to advocate for them," said Jones.
You can help more than 200,000 people with just one gift.
Very few people had access to all this information--some of it was available only at the FBI, some only at very high levels in the White House.
The WP coverage of the presidential press conference--accompanied by a picture of a pugnacious double-fisted Clinton--reports that he dismissed allegations about his character as the work of organized foes "unable to counter his ideas or record," but acknowledged that seven years of their attacks have diminished his personal standing with the American people.
The working people historically assert their power
They were sort of semi-factual fiction history people in the history of the country, like stories of George Washington growing up, some of the explorers of the West, Lewis and Clark, Fremont Carson, people like that.
and uh that's one of the nice thing a about a company uh interaction with other people access to internet uh
They remind us of the way God introduces himself to Moses in the Book of Exodus: “I am the God of your father . . . So I have come down to rescue [my people] from the hand of Egypt, to bring it up from that land to a land, goodly and spacious, to a land flowing with milk and honey.
In Mexico and in small southwestern communities the church was often located in the center of town, and the soul and rhythm of the people were synchronized with the liturgical seasons of the Church.
The People 
