They evaluated legislative options, eventually setting up a federal compensation fund and defining the powers of a special master to run it.
Jerusalem’s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished, but its spiritual power for Jews, and for the struggling new Christian religion, remained.
The Civil War enabled Americans of different cultural strains, some with power, others without, to see themselves as compatriots of a single nation.
As my rewriting of the Thirteenth Amendment would have it: Securing and protecting the autonomy of labor would become the duty of all state power.
One bets that Schumpeterian gales of creative destruction come in a power law distribution, with many small avalanches and few large ones.
Unlike many of his peers, Siegfried was convinced by 1932 that the Nazis would take state power in order to save capitalism for the German bourgeoisie and its English investors.
He's also really big into the Hell's Angels and he brought about 50 of his friends to it and the wedding took place in a hotel one of those classic areas where you have, you have the weddings, and it was, ah, basically a really stormy night, real stormy and the power went out, and it was open bar so now we've got, ah, 50 Hell's Angels, no power, and it's the middle a summer, so it is getting really hot in there, you know, there's, there's no lights so you know there's a few emergency power lights that people brought, ah, and they had some sort of battery they were using for the ah for the radio system and it was, it was getting really crazy in there because we had Hell's Angels running around without shirts on, uh, people highly intoxicated, I remember by 10 year old cousin saying, "Bottom's up, Thomas!
The Congress Party regained power, however, following Rajiv Gandhi’s assassination by a Tamil suicide bomber during election campaigns in 1991.
Sexuality is one of the confusing connections/disconnections that is infused with power and powerlessness, and is--like all other processes--actually not composed of self and other, in and out, good and bad, creative and destructive, because these binaries are inadequate but just about as far as our brains can go with the delusions of continuity and self-identity.
It was like, I guess it was equivalent of Power Rangers pretty much, and it was like a Power Ranger movie, but it wasn't.
Jerusalem’s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished, but its spiritual power for Jews, and for the struggling new Christian religion, remained.
I am not afraid of this power and the beings are not afraid of me" (gender uncertain), 30
Secondly, and more importantly, there are stability and power concerns that pertain in small sample settings [ 17 ] .
By the 17th century, after repeated forays, infiltrations, and invasions, forces from Manchuria capitalized on domestic upheavals in China to take power in Beijing, almost by default.
you know hitting a tree or hitting a power line or hitting a phone line or anything else that was the rough part of it they closed school for kids for like a week just just because of that
well i guess i'm um more traditional in that i don't like power power windows or power locks because the people that i know have who have them always seem to have trouble with them
Environmental and public health problems resulting from power generation emissions include:
Egypt was already dominated by foreign power — the Assyrians — and also began increasing trade and diplomacy with the expanding Roman Empire.
3: If it's true that campaign finance reform would give the editorial pages such awesome power, it's darned impressive that the Journal alone is immune to this temptation.
The distribution of firm lifetimes is again a power law.
at the tiller than you do say if you're in a power boat
The term "independent power producer" means any person who owns or operates, inwhole or in part, one or more new independent power production facilities.
He sees the power center of the future, and he wants to dominate it.
The Constitution recognizes no power higher than the will of “We the People.”
Of the ten succeeding amendments from the Sixteenth to the Twenty-Seventh (leaving aside the Eighteenth on Prohibition and the Twenty-First repealing the Eighteenth), seven have addressed the extension of the power of the people to choose their government.
took that uh went to war with Iraq i think we that was kind of a uh display of power
This is significant, because in the film it is Kinnear who gets to articulate the case against concentration of corporate power.
because that's where all the drug the gangs get their power over the drugs because it's illegal
power in the control of one person
Fluorescein fluorescence was detected through the FL-1 channel, APC fluorescence was assessed using the FL-4 channel, and data were acquired and analyzed using the CellQuest ®application on a Power Macintosh G3 computer.
yeah just the power i'm i'm trying to uh get an upgraded machine mine is uh just putting along and it's not fast enough for me
The power analysis outlined above was implemented in the R Language of Statistical Computing [25].
and uh they're looking at where you have a battery operated car basically but it has a a engine in the back that charges it so the engine kicks on when the batteries need power and it turns off
A nationwide poll that the LAT plays big both in an off-lead story and a big top-of-the-page graphic suggests that by a large margin Americans support the use of force against Iraq and additionally think the purpose of an airstrike should be to remove Saddam Hussein from power.
The threat of overfishing has been cut back, and, in a province where revenues from hydroelectric power are second only to those of Québec, the energy industry has been prevented from damming the Fraser so as not to damage the salmon’s spawning grounds.
(My favorite tester routinely yanked the power cord out of the computer during Outlook operations to see how the program handled loss of power.)
This can be seen by noting that the non-centrality parameter for pooling is now , which is non-trivially larger than . This shifts the alternative distribution further away from the null distribution and thus increases power.
Finally, as Tomás Ybarra-Frausto explains, Chicano/a art reflects a “continual effort toward developing an enhanced art of resistance—an art which is not a resistance to the materials and forms of art, but rather a resistance to entrenched social systems of power, exclusion and negation” (1990, 67).
Given eight treatment regimes, the control, and the seven other treatments consisting of all combinations of one or more of his three perturbations, in principle, there are three raised to the seventh power, or about ,, possible patterns of response.
Yet, the Constitution of 1787 studiously avoids any word suggestive of a power higher than the will of the people.
you know the atrocities that they've commit and the drug dealings and in the just in the drug crimes because i feel like a lot of the leadership of those nations are so engrossed in the drug crimes that until they repent or they're moved from power
An institution emerged to articulate and preserve this myth of autonomous states enjoying residual powers under the Tenth Amendment, and that institution was the Supreme Court.
the Sandinistas aren't in power anymore because i think that they were very wicked and uh probably some of the biggest drug dealers that the world has probably ever seen and i feel like
Theodore Parker, among other devout leaders of the movement, preached against “the Slave Power” in tones that made one think that the devil was marching into the new territories.
Also, with just two replicates, the power to detect a change as high as 4 is very low, smaller than 30%.
It is a syndrome, a folk illness, believed to be transmitted by certain individuals, witches, some think, who have a special power.
Notwithstanding the logistic difficulties of constructing synonym differentiators and collocations dictionaries, particularly the latter, it is now possible for information technology to deliver direct to socalled end-users lexical data retrieval systems of great size, power, and usefulness.
The power law distribution implies that there is no preferred size scale in the system.
This would complete the return and vindication of the company's prodigal son, who had lost a long-ago power struggle with former Apple CEO John Sculley.
It is we humans who conceived and built the intricate assembly of chips and logic gates that constitute a computer, typically we humans who program it, and we humans who contrived the entire power grid that supplies the electric power to run the computer itself.
