At around 3500 b.c. , a sophisticated culture evolved in the Cyclades islands.
From a power base in Anatolia, the Persians overran the eastern Aegean Islands and set their sights on the Cyclades.
I had mother's youngest brother Buster was sent to, um, the Pacific theater and he was in the Battle of Guadalcanal and all of the big, he was in the infantry and in all of the big battles over there from island hopping.
Right we all, most of us live on Staten Island.
One quickly gets the impression that much of this material comes from the fringes of California, but Breakaway comes from Norway, The Bucknellian from Bucknell University, in Pennsylvania, Chaos Control from Rhode Island, and so forth.
And so my grandfather joined the Brit, and joined the Canadian army, fought in France, was wounded, and eventually made his way back to, I guess, New York and then up to Rhode Island where he met my grandmother.
I saw this quote this week in the Long Island newspaper, Newsday , in which a GOP loyalist was boasting publicly about how well organized a "machine" the Republican Party was in getting out the vote.
All from the Staten Island Advance , Aug., 25 1999
True beach lovers should hop islands to the 9 km (6 miles) of sands of Porto Santo (though sunshine is only really guaranteed there from June to August).
The NYS Department of Health applied the scan method to New York as a whole, while the local Moran and boundary analyses used only the ZIP codes in Long Island.
More enlivening by far is Love and Death on Long Island , in which another aging protagonist (John Hurt), a clubby English novelist poignantly out of touch with modern society, goes on another soulful quest, developing an obsession with a beautiful teen idol (Jason Priestley) whom he accidentally sees on-screen in a film called Hot Pants College 2 . First-time director Richard Kwietniowski has fun with the collision of high and low culture, and he does elegant work.
We can use the data to find the genes in the same isolated green islands, for avalanches should be confined to one island and overlap if started at dierent genes in the same island.
LONG ISLAND ICED TEA CALIFORNIA ROOT BEER ½ ounce vodka 1 ounce Galliano ½ ounce rum 1 ounce coffee liqueur ½ ounce gin Fill with cola.
For the local Moran analysis, we are asking questions specific to Long Island, against a null hypothesis that states that cancer risk is uniform across Long Island.
A better bet for drama is Meltdown at Three Mile Island (PBS, 9 p.m.), a tense documentary narrative on the 1979 nuclear accident.
The point of fragmentation of the green sea into green islands constitutes a phase transition from the chaotic to the ordered regime.
CpG_ISLANDS
Carolyn McCarthy, the Long Island Railroad-massacre widow elected to Congress as a gun-control advocate.
Halfway down the island is Governor’s Harbour, a photogenic town set on the sheltered eastern coastline.
So in a sense, island life continues just as it always has!
"The emperor told us that in 1941 when they sent us to this island.
On the smaller and more remote islands — called the Out Islands or Family Islands — intimate resorts cater to your every need and make it possible for you to forget about schedules, deadlines, and traffic jams.
Even the most meager allowance will fund a shopping spree in the narrow streets of the Greek island towns.
but he always maintained his own apartment he lived in the city he lived in uh Rhode Island in fact we live in Rhode Island i work in in the Massachusetts plant but i live in Rhode Island
The brainchild of the Sol Group, Atlantis Paradise Island is a new concept in resorts — it’s a huge hotel with an amazing theme park and entertainment village all on one site.
Papa, he was a big man, and I not so large, so I would curse and sweat in the tropical island heat, and Papa would laugh and stop from time to time to pull at his brown bottle.
with uh say uh uh Saint Thomas uh Virgin Islands uh places like that
but i know that they have like uh their crime rate it's not Jamaica i don't think i can't remember which it's uh one of the Caribbean Islands and and they
In front of the neoclassical façade stand several statues including Anne Hutchinson, who left the intolerant colony for Rhode Island, Quaker Mary Dyer who was hung for her unorthodox views, and John F. Kennedy striding in front of the western wing.
Therefore, promoter-finding methods based on sequence information successfully identify almost the exact same subset of promoters, owing to the high correlation with the subset of promoters located within CpG islands [ 8].
Only in the North did laws against intermarriage draw real fire, coming off the books in Maine, Michigan, Ohio, and Rhode Island.
Besides the very tight congressional races, the paper says at least five Senate races (New York, North Carolina, Kentucky, Nevada and Wisconsin) and ten gubernatorial contests (Maryland, Nevada, Hawaii, Georgia, South Carolina, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Iowa, Ohio and Rhode Island) could easily come out either way.
In 1566, they wrested Chios from the Genoese, bolstering their hold on the eastern Aegean Islands, but the Cyclades remained in Venetian hands for another generation or more — Tinos was the last to fall in 1715.
uh that's true unless you unless you come from i come i come from a fairly small town so i i live in Rhode Island but i work in Massachusetts um
Michael Forbes of New York--who, according to press reports, has been treated as a nonperson by his GOP colleagues since he voted against the re-election of Newt Gingrich as speaker--bleats like a goat when the SBA field office in his Long Island district is threatened.
On the tiny island nation of St. Kitts, a cocaine smuggler named Charles "Little Nut" Miller threatened to murder American veterinary students at the island's university unless the United States dropped its efforts to extradite him.
The Islands
how much do you make up in Rhode Island so i was just going wait a minute we're supposed to be talking about fishing now stop but yep anyway is that funny but we did talk about fishing though so but i guess i'll let you go i'm going to finish my dishes and
The techniques employed by the local Moran and boundary techniques evaluate geographic relationships using the ZIP code and census geography of Long Island.
It was also noted that not all programs were "state"wides and that perhaps there would be value in getting the island programs together (Hawaii, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Micronesia and Guam) since they face similar delivery issues.
The establishments listed below offer a cross-section of local restaurants, and should convince you that not everything on the island comes with chips (french fries).
With hundreds of unpopulated islands and dozens of empty beaches surrounded by dozens of shallow channels and sounds the Bahamas are paradise for sailors.
Television has recently begun to inundate these incompetent but lovable little islands, embarrassing colonial deposits now handed over to sink or swim in independence.
After presenting various systems of communication (signs, pictographs, rebuses, shorthand, tallies, Babylonian clay tokens, Peruvian quipus), Robinson discusses such ancient and now defunct but decipherable writing systems as Sumerian cuneiform, Egyptian hieroglyphs, Minoan Greek Linear B, and Mayan glyphs; ditto some of the more outstanding conundra awaiting decipherment--Cretan Linear A, Proto-Elamite, Etruscan, and the Easter Island and Indus scripts.
The island itself also has peculiarities that separate it from other Bahamian Islands.
The characters are photographed iconically, as in an Eisenstein film: the spiritually crippled black dad with his modest Afro against the weather-beaten relic of a Coney Island ride, for example.
Lastly, revenue and spending related to Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and other U.S. territories are counted in the federal unified budget but not in NIPA.
The role of the islands as a bridge between the Old World and the New World has continued through the centuries.
Late the following year an immense hurricane sent a tidal wave over Hog Island (today Paradise Island), smashing Nassau’s flimsy buildings and ruining crops.

