yeah my family uh didn't like Texas and i had a chance to uh transfer up TI bought a company about seven months after i moved to Texas right here in Hunt Valley
Therefore, it is possible that reprogramming of nuclei transferred into M I oocytes is inhibited by cytochalasin B. Thirdly, M I and M II oocytes may differ in cytoplasmic competence.
and we got transferred to Okinawa
So I was in those situations where I first, come first, transfer last, come first to transfer out.
(That is, Social Security taxes would be real savings instead of merely transfers.
To make it look more authentic, Sedelmaier corrupted the new animation by transferring the negative to a second one to make the cartoon look 25 years old.
uh i i trained my uh my wife in the house in in doing things in fact uh when i uh first transferred down to uh Texas Instruments back in nineteen eighty seven um
He added that the reason Israel was so calm in advance of the attack was that it had concluded there were no launchers or ballistic missiles to threaten it in western Iraq, and that even if Saddam decided to launch the few "Hussein" missiles and improved Scuds he still had, he would need more than 24 hours to transfer them from their hiding places to an area within range of Israel.
Any fancy effect you do in the editing--wipes, dissolves, superimpositions--won't have to be transferred to film (which is what costs a fortune).
and uh the place i just transferred jobs not too long ago and so i went through the whole process and the
Such ‘guest’ microbes transfer among diverse host species (Sandström et al.
Methodology transfer paper 3. Washington, D.C.: June 1982.
or you know even if it's of course most of us are direct deposit anymore anyway i'm sure but once it goes into the checking account it's awfully hard to transfer it over
For imaging experiments the neurons were transferred to 4-chamber cover glass slides that had been previously coated with poly-L-lysine followed by collagen.
catch the chain to be transferred to another prison unit.
Two reforms were needed if these cultural programs were to survive: (1) they had to transfer more government dough to Podunk; (2) they had to become more prole-friendly.
Bacterially produced, purified GST-CAF1 and control GST proteins were subjected to SDS-PAGE, transferred onto a membrane and probed with a 35S-methionine-labeled hCCR4 protein synthesized in vitro.
The conduct of "benefits transfer" exercises necessarily involves some uncertainties.
Gene transfer between organisms often complicates the interpretation of their evolution.
Fifteen (15) μl of the samples were electrophoresed on a 7.5% SDS-polyacrylamide mini-gel for 1 h at 150 V. The proteins were transferred to a PVDF membrane (Amersham Life Sciences, Arlington Heights, IL) using a Mini Trans-blot Cell (Bio Rad Laboratories, Hercules, CA) at 50 mA.
Total RNA (20 μg) was fractionated on 1% agarose gels containing formaldehyde and transferred to DURLON-UV (Stratagene) nylon membranes.
Flow cytometric analysis determined that the transferred population of Ad-transduced cells from DO11.hCARΔcyt Tg donors retained the pre-transfer frequencies of GFP +and GFP -cells within the DO11.
The x, y, z-coordinates of the dies were recorded at a dental laboratory by use of an electronic stylus [ 9 ] and transferred electronically to the Procera laboratory where the Al 2 O 3 coping was made.
Proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE and transferred to a polyvinylidene difluoride membrane (Roche) as described previously [ 66 ] . Blot membranes were blocked for 3 h at 37°C in PBS containing 5 % skim milk and probed with the respective antibodies (16 h at 4°C).
20 μg of each RNA was electrophoresed through a 1% agarose-formaldehyde gel and transferred to a Nylon membrane (Micron Separations, Westborough, MA).
Proteins were transferred to PVDF membranes and analyzed with either anti-T7 or SKI antibodies and the appropriate secondary antibodies.
Fractionated DNAs were transferred to Hybond-XL membrane (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, Piscataway, NJ) as described by Sambrook et al.
Pst I-digested genomic DNA was electrophoresed through a 1.0% agarose gel, denatured, neutralized, and transferred by capillary blotting to a Hybond -N +membrane (Amersham, Arlington Heights, IL).
Cortical astrocytes were harvested from neonatal C57BL/6 mice and infected with a replication-defective retrovirus encoding Tag and neomycin resistance as previously described [ 13 ] . The transferred viruses were SV40-6 [ 5 ] , in which wild type Tag is expressed from the M-MuLV LTR promoter; SV(X)T K1, which is constructed the same as SV40-6 except that the Tag is mutant [ 38 ] and defective for binding the retinoblastoma protein family [ 39 ] ; Linker-tkT, in which the cDNA for Tag is expressed from the herpes simplex 1 tk promoter [ 11 ] . The differentiation and transformation phenotypes of the cell lines utilizing the M-MuLV LTR promoter have been described [ 6 13 ] . The Linker-tkT lines (tkT) were either isolated as clones after G418 selection (as previously described) [ 6 ] or frozen immediately after selection (pooled clones) and clonally selected at a later time.
The supernatant was transferred to fresh tubes, 20% of volume of chloroform was added, and the sample was vortexed for 20 seconds, followed by centrifugation at 12000 rpm for 5 minutes at 4°C.
The A+T richness of the transferred genes
When nocodazole-treated cells were transferred into M I oocytes, one spot of condensed chromatin and one polar body (Figure 1C) was observed in 13.
They were rinsed with water and transferred to staining solution which contained 1 volume of 0.1% Alizarin red S (Sigma), 1 volume of 3% alcian blue (Sigma), 1 volume acetic acid and 17 volumes ethanol.
Fractionated RNA was transferred by Northern blot to Zeta-probe membrane (Bio-Rad, Hercules, CA).
The RNA was transferred to an Immobilon membrane over night in 20 × standard saline citrate (SSC) by capillary action.
Previous studies have shown that adoptively transferred tumor antigen-specific CD4 +T cells can be tolerized in the secondary lymphoid organs [ 9 34 ] , including the RIP-Tag2 model [ 30 ] . Radiation may kill or disable regulatory T cells [ 35 36 ] , or other bone marrow-derived tolerizing cells and prevent the induction of tolerance in adoptively transferred tumor-specific T cells [ 9 ] . Additionally, the high but sub-lethal dose of radiation used leads to significant lymphopenia [ 37 ] . The sudden reduction in lymphocyte number may create the spatial allowance in spleen and lymph nodes necessary for the homing, activation and expansion of he adoptively-transferred T cells.
4 μg) was resolved on a denaturing 1% agarose gel, transferred to nitrocellulose membrane and hybridized with a radiolabeled probe as described [ 56].
On the upper and lower boundaries of these deviations were transfer hallways contained within the stairwell proper.
As shown in Figure 6, both the seedlings grown continuously on 0.24 M sorbitol + 0.03 M glucose, or transferred to that media after 3 days on 0.03 M glucose, metabolize almost all of their 20:1 fatty acid.
The sections were then dehydrated by immersion in 70% ethanol (3 immersions, 6 minutes each) and then transferred to 95% ethanol for 6 minutes.
The proteins separated by SDS-PAGE were transferred electrophoretically to poly(vinylidene difluoride) membranes (Bio-Rad).
The assays were performed by heating the RNA (500 nM) in H 2 O to 70°C for 3 minutes then transferring to ice for 1 minute.
The filtrates were transferred to a similar device with a M w cut-off of 50,000 and centrifuged under the same conditions.
Following IL-1 exposure, the samples were transferred to sterile flat-bottomed 10mm nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) tubes (Wilbur Scientific, Boston, MA, USA) that were custom cut to a length of 5cm, where they were cultured in basal media for the duration of the recovery experiment.
Static-renewal tests - The test organisms are exposed to a fresh solution of the same concentration of sample every 24 h or other prescribed interval, either by transferring the test organisms from one test chamber to another, or by replacing all or a portion of solution in the test chambers.
Sources would be allowed to transfer these authorized emission limits among themselves to achieve the required reductions for all three pollutants at the lowest overall cost.
If transferred to the General Fund, the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements; if transferred to another entity, they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer.
However, aeration during collection, transfer, and preparation of samples should be minimized to reduce the loss of volatile chemicals.
When a 911 call concerned a fire, it was transferred to FDNY dispatch.
The crystal structure of the E. coli MoeB-MoaD complex clearly shows the interaction between these two proteins and unambiguously confirms the adenylation role of MoeB [ 7 ] . After a thiocarboxylate moiety is formed on the terminal glycine of each MoaD subunit, the two sulfur atoms are transferred to precursor Z as sulfhydryl groups in a dithiolene configuration.
