I have become more open-minded, more responsible, and, most importantly, I have gained a lot more self-confidence.
The equality of nations has become a postulate of the international legal order.
This 3' sequence becomes transduced, along with the L1 sequence, to a new genomic locus; a hypothesized cause of the imprecision of the 3' end of the L1 transcript is the weak polyadenylation signal in the L1 element [ 28 ] . Clear indications of 3' transduction have been documented in cases where an L1 inserted into the dystrophin gene [ 29 ] , APC [ 30 ] and CYBB [ 31 ] . All these disease-producing L1 insertions, the boundaries of which were defined by flanking TSDs, contained novel sequences downstream of the L1 sequence itself.
His classic work, With His Pistol in His Hand: A Border Ballad and Its Hero, first published in 1958, has become a standard work in Chicano studies and American folklore.
Turn your blue to white: Become a born-again virgin.
As we enter a new century we hope that you too will wish to become a corporate partner.
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
By 638 they controlled Palestine, and with the construction of the Dome of the Rock and the El-Aksa Mosque in Jerusalem this became the third-holiest of all Muslim cities (after Mecca and Medina).
yeah well i i've my that's the way my mother stands on it she feels like if it's something that you have to do you know if you look at it as if you have to do it then it becomes it becomes a chore and and she doesn't enjoy it when it's a chore
Hence, it became more probable that specific pairs of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes might become linked in a variety of ways, capturing the energy resources of the spontaneous processes that could then flow in constrained ways into the nonspontaneous processes to yield novel consequences.
Yet, as more genomes become available, we cannot hope to provide a high level of manual examination and correction to describe the genes present on these genomes precisely.
Moreover, the phrases embodied in these songs are to encourage the initiates to become worthy and honourable members of the adult community into which they are to be graduated.
Guadalupe became the symbol of Indian Catholicism, different from the European Catholicism of the Spaniards.
Devaluation and partial default, explains the Journal , means the overall amount of debt is reduced and terms for repaying it become easier.
In literary production, specifically gay male writing begins with Robert Duncan in his 1949 "Manifesto" and Ginsberg in "Howl;" both became icons to 60s gay poets.
If you would like to become a member of ELM, please fill out the enclosed membership form and send it back at your earliest convenience.
As the CAM literature grows, dissemination and knowledge of the controlled vocabulary will become even more important.
Less conservative than Martinique, Guadeloupe of late seems to be bidding to become the nudist playground of the Caribbean.
Meeting three to four times a week, the group became something of a "sect" whose members, according to one participant in the meetings, tended to deal only with each other.
The simple act of destroying a piece of cloth becomes a major event watched closely by the police and the media.
It was here they became
and support the institution and a instead of becoming adversaries to the teachers so that the uh the teacher's in the middle
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
My DNA, my biography, my talents, are certainly not the same as yours, but these differences become superficial in light of the deeper equivalence of moral value.
The connection between blood and salvation becomes much stronger, however, in the Christian interpretation of its Jewish legacy.
The magnificent Chinese Collection presents the objects and ornaments of some 3,500 years of civilization, stretching from the Bronze Age Shang Dynasty to the extinction of the Manchu Dynasty in 1912, when China became a republic.
This impressive assembly earned the fertile Río Ameca Valley (just north of present day Puerto Vallarta) the name Valle de Banderas (Valley of the Banners), and the great bay just in front of the valley became known as Bahía de Banderas.
According to Saudi authorities, a substantial number of the hijackers isolated themselves and became religious only within a few months of leaving the Kingdom.
He inherited the title of Holy Roman Emperor and became Charles V, with duties throughout Europe that gave him little time for Spain.
Um, so that became, that has become one of my favorites, Little Women, that started in, um, high school.
Each is reached down long roads that become progressively more private-looking as the beach nears.
so it became part of the package so i went through it
He became a bandit and robber after many wrongs were committed against him by Americans.
He would in fact become Bin Ladin's deputy some years later, when they merged their organizations.
These buyers became the most important managers in wholesaler-jobber companies, foreshadowing the key status of the buyer in later retail organizations.
Sometimes she becomes visible to the wayward husband who is out late, drinking, and when he approaches her, she turns into an ugly horse-faced hag, scaring him into swearing abstinence forever.
To alleviate the problem, the government has become the city’s major landlord with the construction of massive apartment blocks that, though they have every modern facility, average only 9 square m (100 square ft) in size.
it almost becomes more more cost you know to much cost and more trouble than it's worth you know to to put somebody like that to death or something that you know
A tiny, treeless rocky island regularly swept by summer winds has become one of the most popular vacation destinations in the Mediterranean.
Both the Las Vegas Aerial Gunnery School (which became Nellis Air Force Base and the Nevada Test Site) in the north, and Basic Magnesium in the nearby town of Henderson, arrived in the early 1940s as a result of America’s war effort.
When the National Research Council published its recommendations for changing the undergraduate training of future life scientists, the BIO2010 report, access to student-based research was a primary recommendation: “Colleges and universities should provide all students with opportunities to become engaged in research …” (National Research Council 2003).
i certainly agree with that we have Dallas has now become one of the most
20 And, when the no-shift elasticities of the basic and workshared product are the same, the gains become even smaller and the peak becomes very pronounced.
This area has become a haven for both discriminating travelers looking for super-exclusive resorts and budget-conscious tourists seeking secluded beaches off the beaten path.
Taking the G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) as an example, after agonist action, GPCRs activate G proteins and become phosphorylated by G protein-coupled receptor kinases [ 23 ] . This event promotes activation of effector enzymes and ion channels by the activated Gα GTP.
But as product variety has increased and product life cycles have shortened, this tension has become increasingly acute, prompting inventory management practices to evolve in recent years to meet rapidly changing market demands.
in in selected in selected spots and that's really becoming a really big problem but that's not to down play the importance of AIDS research you know
it almost became a a popular thing to just to experiment and try it
In Milan, a front-page editorial in Corriere Della Sera titled "The Memory of Lady Diana in Ashes" sought to explain why "the river of tears has slowed down and the dissenters from the myth have become bolder and more numerous."
The incentive to a commercial author is to get the application on the shelf so she can derive income from it; if Version 1 happens to have bugs in it, the bug fixes become a selling point for Version 2.
