They were a barbaric race, and their custody of the area brought about a dark period during which the written word was forgotten and art disappeared.
I wrote a letter to the editor -- I believe it was actually written before I attended the board meeting, but it wasn't published until after that June 14th board meeting.
A specter is haunting Europe,” Karl Marx and Frederick Engels wrote in 1848, as the first sentence of The Communist Manifesto.
LDC wrote and performed all statistical analysis and preparation of the data presented in this manuscript.
Given that grammars are often used on a systematic basis--the regularities dominate the idiosyncrasies--grammarians write and format them on that basis; yet grammars are also used, exceedingly often, on a single-shot basis, a quick in and out, just like a normal dictionary consultation.
The purpose of the publication, McKim wrote, was to document in sketches and photographs, “the beautiful, quaint, and picturesque features which belong to so many buildings, now almost disregarded, of our Colonial and Revolutionary Period.”
Although there have been many publications about the santeros (saint makers), wood-carvers, tinsmiths, and other male artists, very little has been written about the work accomplished by women.
I heard that you were writing a Christmas list.
Call them toll-free at 800-32-SPORT (within the US only) or at 305-932-0051, or write for information to 19495 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 809, Aventura, Florida 33180, USA.
A review savages Barbara Kingsolver and Anna Quindlen: Their writing is heartfelt, but their politics are naive and their use of emotion is cheap.
A few months ago, Carl Newton and I wrote a letter asking you to consider a financial contribution to graduate Endodontics at Indiana University.
Imagine how proud he must be of his writing skills, and his reading skills!
if i write a check real large it'll go ahead and pull it out of my savings account
I'm just a happy person, and my art reflects that, and I think that I, you know, love to read stories that are written and everything that also, you know, have a good moral background to them, and something where you can learn something of value and virtue in it, like Louisa May Alcott, you know, her work, I love her work.
and uh you can either charge your groceries on it you have a choice or you can write a check and they okayed it that way
Further we have collaboratively written the manuscript and take public responsibility for it.
However, Kinsley long ago confessed in the New Republic's "TRB" column that he "experimented with marijuana in the distant past," and wrote, "I deeply regret this youthful indiscretion."
For instance Fabiola Cabeza de Baca, Cleofas Jaramillo, and Nina Otero all wrote about the weddings of northern New Mexico.
Please write one of the above account numbers on the face of your check to be very sure that your $$ stay in the WOST family.
The same might justly be said of the man who wrote the play.
yeah in fact that's that's what this guy you know he wrote a book on it and he says that's you know he's tried it several with several of his cards and he's just told them you know i i can get this card from this bank
A contemporary film composer, Zbigniew Preisner, who wrote the scores for the Polish director Krzysztof Kie§lowski’s films, including The Double Life of Veronika, Dekalogue, and the Three Colors trilogy: Red, White, and Blue, is worth seeking out.
Writers such as Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg, as well as the poets that hung round Lawrence Ferlinghetti’s City Lights Bookstore, advocated a free and unstructured style of writing, exemplified by Jack Kerouac’s cult novel On the Road.
Let's see, the others that I could think of that I read recently, there were some Civil War books written by Jeffrey Shaara and the other by his son Michael.
Many of the most popular heroic and tragic dramas were written by Osaka’s own Monzaemon Chikamatsu (1653–1724), the playwright the Japanese claim as their own Shakespeare.
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga, Os Lusíadas, in what is now called the Camões Grotto, situated in the spacious tropical Camões Garden.
A count of the languages spoken all over India, leaving out the dialects, comes to 1,652, written in 13 different alphabets.
that's in uh Arizona who used to be in Dallas it seems like we have a lot of these that have been in Texas called PM Melody who does a lot of writing on codependency and she's got some fabulous workbooks out and a whole series of tapes and uh
yep all kinds of demographics just from that info and anymore you know uh you don't have to give out your well you know how they used to ask for if you wrote a check they would ask for your credit card number
Their origins remain a my­s­tery (their written language was finally deciphered in 1915), but they came from the direction of the Caucasus moun­tains, spreading destruction and disorder throughout Anatolia.
1. The consensus amino acids are written in capital letters.
The WP finds front-page space today for what you might call the Y2K problem for classicists--there is no agreed-upon way to write out 1999 in Roman numerals.
Gesang) wrote: “und sie legt' ihm die Hand auf Haupt and sagte die Worte” [`and she laid her hand on his head and spoke the words']: nekrast negibaul geid sum manteflih dnudna mein tedachs . Thus, Garrison Keillor's boy narrator, with his arooaroo halama rama , is simply continuing a universal tradition, hallowed by generations of priests, magicians--and children--through the millennia.
and i said well i i'd like it for eight thousand dollars i said for eight thousand dollars i'll sell you know i'll write out the down payment now and you know because i can get financing i can get financing through my credit
Aristotle, one of the world’s greatest philosophers, held forth at his own school of the Lyceum; Menander wrote comic plays; Praxiteles sculpted scores of superb statues, including that of Hermes, one of the greatest Greek sculptures, now in the museum at Olympia.
GAO will generally provide written notification to the agencies involved in the work electronically in an agreed-upon format that protects the files from alteration.
you don't want to end up having to pay for it a couple times i've had to write big credit card companies and say you know i didn't really get this or
In more recent times the individual who writes on walls has been called a tagger, and the art of writing is tagging.
"Everything seems more and more the same, wherever you are," wrote architecture critic Paul Goldberger in a New York Times Magazine article last year.
Unfamiliar reporters prowled with clipboards and camera equipment, wrote volunteer Sally Belfrage, who noted that "for Negroes there hardly seemed to be anyone who wasn't rushing around looking for King, cooking for King, talking of King as if they couldn't find him, and thinking of him as if there was no one to talk to."
We first write each parameter as
Written consent was obtained from subjects before participation.
Today's mobsters, too, are fluent in psychobabble and in the language of self-improvement, and Chase, of course, captures this beautifully (I will disagree with you on one thing at the outset: the writing on The Sopranos is better than the acting, not that there's anything really wrong with the acting.)
He writes of La Llorona and Joaquín Murrieta, and of Tiburcio Vásquez, who once gave food to his grandmother and mother when they were fleeing from the gringos in Los Angeles.
i doubt it but then i doubt if we ever will just keep writing to your congressman and telling him that
In early March, Cressey wrote Rice and Hadley that at a belated wedding reception at Tarnak Farms for one of Bin Ladin's sons, the al Qaeda leader had read a new poem gloating about the attack on the Cole.
Here are some of things my students find: You look at writing differently if you have to prepare the surface.
A few weeks later, Cressey wrote Hadley that while the law enforcement investigation went on,"we know all we need to about who did the attack to make a policy decision."
and uh i hadn't worked with her on writing at all at that point she was four
Writing in Clipper Magazine , the Pan-Am house organ, Barbara Gibbons recounts her experience in drinking slivovitz during a recent trip to Yugoslavia: “A fiery plum brandy, its alcohol content ranges from 25 per cent ( mekana, soft) to 55 per cent ( ljuta , hot).
